                Crisis Management
                    & Special Risks




     Policy
  Media & Entertainment
Combined Corporate




                June 2021
1          Contents
Policy ........................................................................................................................................................................................ 1
1       Introduction .................................................................................................................................................................... 3
2       Policy Definitions ............................................................................................................................................................ 8
3       Policy Exclusions ........................................................................................................................................................... 12
4       Policy Conditions .......................................................................................................................................................... 14
5       Material Damage Section .............................................................................................................................................. 17
6       Business Interruption Section ...................................................................................................................................... 34
7       Liability Section............................................................................................................................................................. 44
    7A Public Liability Sub-Section ......................................................................................................................................... 49
    7B Product Liability Sub-Section ...................................................................................................................................... 54
    7C Employers’ Liability Sub-Section ................................................................................................................................. 58




                                                                                               2
1   Introduction
    This policy consists of the Policy Definitions, Exclusions and Conditions, the Schedule, the coverage Sections
    stated as operative in the Schedule and Endorsements, if any, all of which are a single document and are to be
    read as one contract. In deciding to accept this policy and in setting the terms and premium the Insurer has relied
    on the information which the Insured has provided.
    The Insurer will, in consideration of the payment of the premium, insure the Insured, subject to the terms and
    conditions of this policy, against the events set out in the operative Sections and occurring in connection with the
    Business during the Period of Insurance or any subsequent period for which the Insurer agrees to accept
    payment of premium.
    This policy should be read carefully to make sure that it meets the needs of the Insured. If any corrections are
    necessary the Insured should contact the broker through whom this policy was arranged.
    The Insured should keep this policy in a safe place –it may need to be referred to if a Claim needs to be made.
    1.1       Policy Format
              Upon request Braille, audio or large print versions of the policy and the associated documentation
              including the Policy Summary document can be provided. If an alternative format is required, please
              contact the broker through whom this policy was arranged.
    1.2       Fair Processing Notice
              This Privacy Notice describes how XL Catlin Insurance Company UK Limited (“we”, or “us”) collect and
              use the personal information of insureds, claimants and other parties (“you”) when we are providing
              our insurance and reinsurance services.

              The information provided to us, together with medical and any other information obtained from you or
              from other parties about you in connection with this policy, will be used by us for the purposes of
              determining your application, the operation of insurance (which includes the process of underwriting,
              administration, claims management, analytics relevant to insurance, rehabilitation and customer
              concerns handling) and fraud prevention and detection. We may be required by law to collect certain
              personal information about you, or as a consequence of any contractual relationship we have with you.
              Failure to provide this information may prevent or delay the fulfilment of these obligations.

              Information will be shared by us for these purposes with group companies and third-party insurers,
              reinsurers, insurance intermediaries and service providers. Such parties may become data controllers
              in respect of your personal information. Because we operate as part of a global business, we may
              transfer your personal information outside the United Kingdom and/or European Economic Area for
              these purposes.

              You have certain rights regarding your personal information, subject to local law. These include the
              rights to request access, rectification, erasure, restriction, objection and receipt of your personal
              information in a usable electronic format and to transmit it to a third party (right to portability).

              If you have questions or concerns regarding the way in which your personal information has been used,
              please contact: legalcompliance@axaxl.com.

              We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about
              privacy. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern,
              you have the right to make a complaint to the relevant Data Protection Authority.
              For more information about how we process your personal information, please see our full privacy
              notice at: https://axaxl.com/privacy-and-cookies.




                                                         3
      Brokers, Intermediaries, Partners, Employers and Other Third Parties
      If you provide us with information about someone else, we will process their personal information in
      line with the above. Please ensure you provide them with this notice and encourage them to read it as
      it describes how we collect, use, share and secure personal information when we provide our services
      as an insurance and reinsurance business.
1.3   Third Party Rights
      A person who is not a party to this contract of insurance has no right under the Contracts (Rights of
      Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this contract of insurance but this does not affect any
      right or remedy of a third party that exists or is available apart from that Act.
1.4   Law and Jurisdiction
      Unless specifically agreed to the contrary this contract of insurance shall be governed by English law
      and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
      The language of this contract of insurance and all communications relating to it will be in English.
1.5   Interpretation
      In this policy:
                 (a)        reference to any Act, statute or statutory provision shall include a reference to that
                            provision as amended, re-enacted or replaced from time to time whether before or
                            after the date of the inception of this policy;
                 (b)        if any term, condition, exclusion or Endorsement or part thereof is found to be
                            invalid or unenforceable the remainder shall be in full force and effect;
                 (c)        the headings are for general reference only and shall not be considered when
                            determining the meaning of this policy.
1.6   Information Given to the Insurer
      In deciding to accept this policy and in setting the terms including premium the Insurer has relied on
      the information which the Insured has provided. The Insured must take care when answering any
      questions the Insurer asks by ensuring that any information provided is accurate and complete.
      If the Insurer establish that the Insured deliberately or recklessly provided untrue or misleading
      information, the Insurer will have the right to:
                 (a)        treat this policy as if it never existed;
                 (b)        decline all Claims; and
                 (c)        retain the premium.
      If the Insurer establish that the Insured carelessly provided untrue or misleading information the
      Insurer will have the right to:
      (i)        treat this policy as if it never existed, refuse to pay any Claim and return the premium if the
                 Insurer would not have provided cover;
      (ii)       treat this policy as if it had been entered into on different terms from those agreed, if the
                 Insurer would have provided cover on different terms;
      (iii)      reduce the amount the Insurer pays on any Claim in the proportion that the premium the
                 Insured has paid bears to the premium the Insurer would have charged, if the Insurer would
                 have charged more.
      The Insurer will notify the Insured in writing if (i), (ii) and/or (iii) apply.
      If there is no outstanding Claim and (ii) and/or (iii) apply, the Insurer will have the right to:
      1)         give notice that it is terminating this policy; or




                                                     4
      2)        give notice that it will treat this policy and any future Claim in accordance with (ii) and/or (iii),
                in which case the Insured may then give the Insurer notice that the Insured are terminating
                this policy;
      in accordance with the Cancellation and Cooling-Off Period Provisions.


1.7   Change in Circumstance
      The Insured must tell the Insurer as soon as practicably possible of becoming aware of any changes in
      the information the Insured has provided which happen before or during any Period of Insurance.
      When the Insurer is notified of a change it will tell the Insured if it affects the policy. For example, the
      Insurer may cancel the policy in accordance with the Cancellation provisions, amend the terms of the
      policy or require the Insured to pay more for the insurance. If the Insured does not inform the Insurer
      about a change it may affect any Claim the Insured makes or could result in the insurance being invalid.
1.8   Fraud
      If the Insured, or anyone acting for the Insured, makes a fraudulent Claim, for example a loss which is
      fraudulently caused and/or exaggerated and/or supported by a fraudulent statement or other device,
      The Insurer:

      (a)       will not be liable to pay the Claim; and

      (b)       may recover from the Insured any sums paid in respect of the Claim; and

      (c)       may by notice to the Insured treat this Policy as having been terminated with effect from the
                time of the fraudulent act.

      If the Insurer exercises its right under (c) above:

      (i)       It shall not be liable to the Insured in respect of a relevant event occurring after the time of
                the fraudulent act. A relevant event is whatever gives rise to the Insurer’s liability under this
                Policy (such as the occurrence of a loss, the making of a Claim, or the notification of a
                potential Claim); and

      (ii)      The Insurer need not return any of the premium paid.




                                                  5
1.9    Questions and Complaints Procedure
       The Insurer is dedicated to providing the Insured with a high quality service and the Insurer wants to
       ensure that it maintains this at all times.

       If the Insured has any questions or concerns about the policy or the handling of a claim, please
       contact the broker through whom this insurance was arranged.

       If the Insured wishes to make a complaint, it can do so at any time by referring the matter to:

       Complaints Department
       XL Catlin Services SE, UK Branch
       20 Gracechurch Street
       London
       EC3V 0BG
       United Kingdom

                        E-mail: axaxlukcomplaints@axaxl.com
                        Telephone Number:      +44 (0) 20 7743 8487

       XL Catlin Services SE acts on behalf of the Insurer in the administration of complaints.

       If the Insured remains dissatisfied after the Complaints Department has considered the complaint, or
       a final decision has not been received within eight (8) weeks, the Insured can refer the complaint to
       the Financial Ombudsman Service at:

       Financial Ombudsman Service
       Exchange Tower
       London
       E14 9SR
       United Kingdom

       Telephone: +44 20 7964 0500 (from outside the UK)
       Telephone: 0800 023 4 567 (from inside the UK)
       Fax: +44 20 7964 1001

       The Financial Ombudsman Service can look into most complaints from consumers and small
       businesses. For more information contact them on the above number or address, or view their
       website: www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk


1.10   Financial Services Compensation Scheme
       The Insurer covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. The Insured may be entitled to
       compensation from the Scheme if the Insurer is unable to meet its obligations under this contract of
       insurance. If the Insured was entitled to compensation under the Scheme, the level and extent of the
       compensation would depend on the nature of this contract of insurance. Further information about the
       Scheme is available from the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (PO Box 300, Mitcheldean, GL17
       1DY) and on their website: www.fscs.org.uk.




                                                  6
1.11   Regulatory Information
       XL Catlin Insurance Company UK Limited

       XL Catlin Insurance Company UK Limited is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and
       regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority (Firm Reference
       No. 423308).

       Registered Office 20 Gracechurch Street, London, EC3V 0BG, United Kingdom.

       Registered in England Number 5328622.

       This can be checked on the FCA’s website at www.fca.org.uk which includes a register of all the firms
       they regulate or by calling the FCA on 0800 111 6768.

       XL Catlin Services SE

       XL Catlin Services SE acts as an agent of XL Catlin Insurance Company UK Limited in connection with
       this policy. XL Catlin Services SE is a registered insurance intermediary authorised and regulated by the
       Central Bank of Ireland.

       Registered Office 8 St. Stephen's Green, Dublin 2, D02 VK30, Ireland.

       Registered in Ireland Number 659610.

       This can be checked on the Central Bank of Ireland’s website at www.centralbank.ie which includes a
       register of all the firms they regulate




                                                  7
2   Policy Definitions
    All the individual policy Sections are subject to the following definitions except where stated below.
    2.1       Business means the business and/or activities stated in the Schedule conducted by the Insured at or
              from premises of the Insured, and extends to include under the Liability Section:
                        (a)        the ownership, repair and maintenance of the Insured's own property including
                                   vehicles and plant owned and used by the Insured;
                        (b)        provision and management of canteen, social, sports, medical and welfare
                                   organisations and fire fighting and security services principally for the benefit of
                                   Employees and for the protection and promotion of the Business as stated in the
                                   Schedule;
                        (c)        the participation by the Insured in exhibitions.
    2.2       Business Hours means the period or periods during which the Premises are normally occupied for
              Business purposes but only whilst the Insured or any partner, director or Employee of the Insured is in
              the Premises.
    2.3       Claim means:
                        (a)        under the Material Damage and Business Interruption Sections a written demand
                                   for payment of an amount due under the terms of this policy; and
                        (b)        under the Liability Section:
                        (i)     a written demand for damages or other remedy made by a third party in accordance
                                  with the laws of a territory specified in the Schedule as a Covered Jurisdiction; or
                        (ii)    where applicable, proceedings brought under the jurisdiction of a competent court or
                                 tribunal within a territory specified in the Schedule as a Covered Jurisdiction; or
                        (iii)   an award made by a competent court or tribunal anywhere in the world to enforce a
                                 judgment, award or settlement made in accordance with the laws of or under the
                                 jurisdiction of a territory specified in the Schedule as a Covered Jurisdiction.
    2.4       Communicable Disease means any illness, sickness, disease, infection, condition, or disorder caused,
              in whole or in part, by any direct or indirect contact with or exposure to any virus, parasite, or bacteria
              or any disease-causing agent of any nature regardless of the method of transmission, contact or
              exposure


    2.5       Computer Virus means a set of corrupting, harmful or otherwise unauthorised instructions or code
              including a set of maliciously introduced unauthorised instructions or code, programmatic or
              otherwise, that propagate themselves through a computer system or network of whatsoever nature.
              Computer Virus includes but is not limited to Trojan Horses, worms and time or logic bombs..
    2.6       Contract Site means the site at which Technical Equipment is being used.
    2.7       Damage means loss of or physical damage to tangible property. Tangible property does not include
              any software, data or other information in electronic form.
              Damage does not include loss of use of property in the absence of physical loss of or physical damage
              to that property.
    2.8       Defence Costs means costs, fees and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Insured with the written
              consent of the Insurer in the investigation, defence or settlement of any Claim, suit or proceedings
              which are or would, if successful, be covered under this policy. Defence Costs also includes legal
              expenses in respect of representation at any coroner’s inquest or inquiry arising out of matters covered
              by this policy.
              Defence Costs do not include:



                                                         8
                 (a)           the Insured’s own costs, fees or expenses or value attributable to the time spent
                               in dealing with a Claim or a circumstance; or
                 (b)           legal costs and expenses incurred in the defence of any criminal proceedings
                               brought against the Insured or in an appeal against conviction by the Insured.
2.9    Electronic Data means facts, concepts and information converted to a form useable for
       communications, interpretation or processing by electronic and electromechanical data processing or
       electronically controlled equipment and includes programmes, software and other coded instructions
       for the processing and manipulation of data or the direction and manipulation of such equipment.
2.10   Employee means any:
                 (a)           person under a contract of service or apprenticeship with the Insured;
                 (b)           labour only sub-contractor and persons supplied by them;
                 (c)           person employed by labour only sub-contractors;
                 (d)           self-employed person;
                 (e)           person hired to or borrowed by the Insured; or
                 (f)           person undertaking study or work experience, voluntary work or a youth training
                               scheme with the Insured;
       working for and under the control of the Insured in connection with the Business.
2.11   Endorsement means a change in the terms and conditions of this policy agreed by the Insurer that can
       extend or restrict cover.
2.12   Excess means the first part of each and every Claim, for which the Insured is responsible as stated in
       the Schedule.
2.13   Gross Profit means the sum produced by adding to the Net Profit the amount of the Standing Charges
       or, if there is no Net Profit, the amount of the Standing Charges less such a proportion of any net trading
       loss as the amount of the Standing Charges bears to all the standing charges of the Business.
2.14   Indemnity Period means the period beginning with the happening of the loss and ending not later than
       the last day of the period specified in the Schedule, during which the results of the Business shall be
       affected in consequence of the Damage.
2.15   Injury means:
                 (a)           under the Material Damage Section:
                 (i)      visible bodily injury to the Insured Person caused solely and directly by an assault
                          for the purposes of theft or attempted theft;
                 (ii)     disease or infection directly resulting from such bodily injury or from medical or
                          surgical treatment necessitated by the bodily injury;
                 (iii)    dehydration, starvation or exposure to the elements resulting from a mishap to a
                          conveyance in which the Insured Person is travelling in connection with a theft or
                          attempted theft.
                 Injury shall not include illness, sickness, disease, shock or mental illness unless directly
                 resulting from any medical or surgical treatment rendered necessary by (i), (ii) or (iii) above.
                 (b)           under the Liability Section:
                 (i)     accidental:
                         (1)      death, bodily injury, illness, disease or psychiatric injury diagnosed by a
                                  Medical Practitioner of or to a person;
                         (2)      trespass, nuisance, invasion of the right of privacy or interference with any right
                                  of way, air, light, water or other easement;
                 (ii)    wrongful arrest, wrongful detention, false imprisonment or malicious prosecution.

                                                     9
2.16   Insured / You / Your means:
                  (a)        the person, persons or corporate body or other entity named in the Schedule;
                  (b)        subsidiary companies of the Insured notified to and accepted in writing by the
                             Insurer.
2.17   Insured Person means the Insured or any partner, director or Employee.
2.18   Insurer / We / Us means XL Catlin Insurance Company UK Limited
2.19   Loss of Limb means total loss of use or loss by physical separation of a hand at or above the wrist or of
       a foot at or above the ankle.
2.20   Loss of Sight means irrecoverable loss of sight of one or both eyes, as the case may be, such that visual
       acuity is 6/60 or less or visual field is reduced to 10 degrees of arc or less irrespective of corrected visual
       acuity or the Insured Person’s name being added to the Register of Blind Persons under the authority
       of a qualified ophthalmic specialist.
2.21   Medical Practitioner means a qualified medical practitioner or specialist who is registered or licensed
       to practice medicine under the laws of the country in which they practice.
2.22   Money means anything having the value of money, including currency, crossed or uncrossed cheques,
       crossed or uncrossed Giro cheques, Giro drafts, travellers’ cheques, crossed or uncrossed money
       orders, crossed or uncrossed postal orders, crossed or uncrossed bankers’ drafts, bearer bonds, current
       postage stamps, current revenue stamps, unused units in postage stamp franking machines, bills of
       exchange, consumer redemption vouchers, trading stamps, gift vouchers, telephone cards and VAT
       purchase invoices.
2.23   Net Profit means the net trading profit (exclusive of all capital receipts and accretions and all outlay
       properly chargeable to capital) resulting from the Business of the Insured at the Premises after due
       provision has been made for all standing and other charges including depreciation, but before the
       deduction of any taxation chargeable on profits.
2.24   Occurrence means an event or series of events having a common originating cause, including
       continuous or repeated exposure to substantially the same general harmful conditions.
2.25   Period of Insurance means the period stated in the Schedule.
2.26   Permanent Total Disablement means disablement certified by a Medical Practitioner which entirely
       prevents the Insured Person from engaging in or attending to their usual business or occupation. The
       disablement must last twelve (12) months and at the expiry of that period be beyond hope of
       improvement.
2.27   Pollution means any pollution, seepage, discharge, dispersal, release or escape of any solid, liquid,
       gaseous or thermal irritant or contaminant including, but not limited to, smoke, vapours, soot, dust,
       fibres, fungi, mould, fumes, acids, alkalis, chemicals and waste (including but not limited to material to
       be recycled, reconditioned or reclaimed) or contamination of any kind of the atmosphere or of any
       water, land, buildings or other tangible property.
2.28   Premises means the Insured’s premises specified in the Schedule.
2.29   Product means any tangible property after it has left the custody or control of the Insured which has
       been designed, specified, formulated, manufactured, constructed, installed, sold, supplied,
       distributed, treated, serviced, leased, loaned, free issued, altered or repaired by or on behalf of the
       Insured in connection with the Business. Product does not include food and drink provided mainly for
       consumption by Employees.
2.30   Rate of Gross Profit means the rate of Gross Profit earned on the Turnover during the financial year
       immediately before the date of the Damage.
2.31   Rent Receivable means the Money paid or payable to the Insured for rent of the Premises, including
       service charges, rendered in the course of the Business at the Premises.
2.32   Revenue means the receipts of the Business from all sources.
2.33   Schedule means the document entitled Schedule that relates to and forms part of this policy.

                                                   10
2.34   Standard Rent Receivable means the Rent Receivable during that period which is the same length as
       the Indemnity Period and which ends on the same day and month of the year as the Indemnity Period
       ends but ending in the year immediately before the date of the Damage.
2.35   Standard Revenue means the Revenue during that period which is the same length as the Indemnity
       Period and which ends on the same day and month of the year as the Indemnity Period ends but
       ending in the year immediately before the date of the Damage.
2.36   Standard Turnover means the Turnover during that period which is the same length as the Indemnity
       Period and which ends on the same day and month of the year as the Indemnity Period ends but
       ending in the year immediately before the date of the Damage.
2.37   Standing Charges (which the Insured elects to insure as part of Gross Profit) means the interest on
       debentures, mortgages, loans and bank overdrafts; rent, rates and taxes; salaries of Employees who
       cannot be economically laid off given the nature of the Business; directors' fees; auditors' fees;
       travelling expenses; insurance premiums; advertising; miscellaneous standing charges not exceeding 5
       per cent of the Standing Charges detailed above.
       Note: Taxes shall not include taxes which form part of Net Profit.
2.38   Technical Equipment means equipment used in connection with the Business including but not
       limited to musical instruments, camera equipment (still and moving) sound, audio, visual, lighting,
       recording broadcasting, stage, set, plant, power, rigging and ancillary equipment, including computer
       equipment used exclusively for the control thereof and any other specific items detailed in the
       schedule.
2.39   Temporary Total Disablement means temporary disablement certified by a Medical Practitioner
       which entirely prevents the Insured Person from engaging in or attending to their usual business or
       occupation.
2.40   Terrorism means an act, including but not limited to the use of force or violence and/or the threat
       thereof, of any person or group(s) of persons, whether acting alone or on behalf of or in connection with
       any organisation(s) or government(s), committed for political, religious, ideological or similar purposes
       including the intention to influence any government (de facto or de jure) and/or to put the public or any
       section of the public in fear.
2.41   Turnover means the Money paid or payable to the Insured for goods sold and delivered and for
       services rendered in the course of the Business at the Premises.
2.42   United Kingdom means England, Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man and the Channel
       Islands.




                                                 11
3   Policy Exclusions
    All the Sections of this policy are subject to the following exclusions.
    This policy does not cover loss, damage, liability, cost or expense caused by or arising directly or indirectly out of:
    3.1       Asbestos
              the manufacture, mining, processing, distribution, testing, remediation, removal, storage, disposal,
              sale, use of or exposure to asbestos or materials or products containing asbestos whether or not there
              is another cause of loss which may have contributed concurrently or in any sequence to a loss or in
              respect of that part of any property insured by this policy which consists of asbestos.
              This exclusion does not apply to the Employers’ Liability sub-section.
    3.2       Punitive Damages
              any award of punitive or exemplary damages including fines, penalties, multiplication of compensatory
              awards or damages or in any other form whatsoever.
    3.3       Radioactive Contamination
                         (a)          ionising radiations or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from
                                      any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel; or
                         (b)          the radioactive, toxic, explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive
                                      nuclear assembly or nuclear component thereof.
    3.4       Terrorism
              any act of Terrorism regardless of any other cause or event contributing concurrently or in any other
              sequence to the loss.
              This exclusion also applies to any action taken in controlling, preventing, suppressing or in any way
              relating to any act of Terrorism.
              In the event that any portion of this exclusion is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder
              shall remain in full force and effect.
              This exclusion does not apply to the Employers’ Liability sub-section.
    3.5       Nuclear and War
              any of the following:

              (a)        war (whether declared or not), invasion, acts of a foreign enemy, hostilities, or any similar
                         act, condition or warlike operation, warlike action by a regular or irregular military force or
                         other authority to hinder or defend against an actual or expected attack;

              (b)        insurrection, rebellion, civil war, revolution, riot, attempt to usurp power, popular uprising,
                         or any action taken by any governmental or martial authority in hindering or defending
                         against any of these;

              (c)        discharge, explosion, or use of a weapon of mass destruction (whether or not employing
                         nuclear fission or fusion), or chemical, biological, radioactive or similar agents, by any party
                         at any time for any reason.
    3.6       Deliberate Acts
              a deliberate act or omission of the Insured (including any director, partner or officer of the Insured)
              where damage to property or liability to others could reasonably have been expected by the Insured (or
              such person) having regard to the nature and circumstances of the act or omission.




                                                           12
3.7    Cyber
       any loss, damage, destruction, distortion, erasure, corruption or alteration of Electronic Data from any
       cause whatsoever (including but not limited to Computer Virus) or loss of use, reduction in
       functionality, cost, expense of whatsoever nature resulting therefrom, regardless of any other cause or
       event contributing concurrently or in any other sequence to the loss.
       This exclusion does not apply to the cover provided by Public Liability Extension 7.7.2 Data Protection
       Act 2018.
       This exclusion does not apply to the Employers’ Liability sub-section.
 3.8   Communicable Disease
       (a)     any Communicable Disease (actual, threatened, perceived or suspected); or
       (b)     any act, error, or omission in controlling, preventing, or suppressing, or failing to control,
               prevent, or suppress, or in any way relating to any actual, threatened, perceived or suspected
               outbreak of any Communicable Disease.
       This exclusion applies regardless of any other cause or event contributing concurrently or in any other
       sequence with or to the loss.
       Any actual, alleged, threatened, perceived, or suspected presence or existence of any Communicable
       Disease at, on, in, affecting, impacting, or impairing any property, or preventing any use of any
       property, shall not constitute loss or damage whether physical or otherwise, or loss of use to tangible
       or intangible property.
       The presence of a person or persons at the Premises that is/are possibly infected with a Communicable
       Disease or is/are actually infected with a Communicable Disease shall not constitute loss or damage,
       whether physical or otherwise.




                                                 13
4   Policy Conditions
    All the individual policy Sections are subject to the following conditions.
    4.1       Cancellation and Cooling-Off Period
              (a)      The Insured’s Right to Cancel during the Cooling-Off Period

                       The Insured is entitled to cancel this policy by notifying the Insurer within fourteen (14) days
                       of either:

                       (i)     the date the Insured receive this policy; or

                       (ii)    the start of the Period of Insurance;

                       whichever is the later.

                       A full refund of any premium paid will be made unless a Claim has been made in which case
                       the full annual premium is due.

              (b)      The Insured’s Right to Cancel after the Cooling-Off Period

                       The Insured is entitled to cancel this policy after the cooling-off period by notifying the
                       Insurer. Any return of premium due will be calculated at a proportional daily rate depending
                       on how long the policy has been in force unless a Claim has been made in which case the full
                       annual premium is due.

              (c)      The Insurer’s Right to Cancel

                       The Insurer is entitled to cancel the policy if there is a valid reason to do so including, for
                       example:

                       (i)     any failure by the Insured to pay the premium; or

                       (ii)    a change in risk which means the Insurer can no longer provide the Insured with
                               insurance cover; or

                       (iii)   non-cooperation or failure to supply any information or documentation the Insurer
                               requests, such as details of a Claim;

                       by giving the Insured fourteen (14) days’ notice in writing. Any return of premium due will be
                       calculated at a proportional daily rate depending on how long the policy has been in force
                       unless a Claim has been made in which case the full annual premium is due.
    4.2       Insolvency, Administration or Liquidation of the Insured
              The Insured shall give immediate notice to the Insurer and, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the
              Insurer, all sections of this policy will immediately and automatically be cancelled, in the event of any
              of the following:
                         (a)        the presentation of a petition seeking the appointment of a receiver or the making
                                    of a winding up order or the appointment of an administrator over the Insured or
                                    the making of any court order to that effect;
                         (b)        the passing of a resolution for the appointment of a liquidator, receiver or
                                    administrator or on the appointment of a liquidator, receiver or administrator over
                                    any of the Insured’s assets;




                                                          14
                (c)        the suspension by the Insured of payment of its debts or any threat by the Insured
                           to do so or the entering into of a voluntary arrangement or other scheme of
                           composition with its creditors by the Insured; or the equivalent court application,
                           order, appointment or arrangement in any jurisdiction in which the Insured may
                           be domiciled or any territory within the specified territory or territories.
      For the purpose of this condition, the Insured shall mean only the firm or company named in the
      Schedule.
      In such cases, the Insured shall be entitled to the return of a proportionate part of the premium in
      respect of the unexpired Period of Insurance, unless the Insured has made or notified a Claim or
      circumstance under any section of this policy in which case the full annual premium shall be due and
      no return of premium will be made.
4.3   Premium Adjustment
      Where the premium is provisionally based on the Insured's estimates, the Insured shall keep accurate
      records and within ninety (90) days of expiry of the Period of Insurance declare such details as the
      Insurer requires. The premium shall then be adjusted and any difference paid or allowed to the Insured
      as the case may be. Failure to declare such details to the Insurer will entitle the Insurer to make its own
      estimate and adjust the premium accordingly.
4.4   Sanctions
      The Insurer shall not provide any benefit under this contract of insurance to the extent of providing
      cover, payment of any claim or the provision of any benefit where doing so would breach any sanction,
      prohibition or restriction imposed by law or regulation.
4.5   Subrogation
      In the event of any payment by the Insurer under this policy, the Insurer shall be entitled, up to the
      amount of such payment, to exercise all the rights of recovery of the Insured or any person insured
      against any third party, provided always that they shall not exercise any such rights against any
      Employee or former Employee unless the loss was caused or contributed to by a fraudulent, dishonest
      or malicious act or omission by said person.
      The Insured and any person insured shall, without charge, provide such assistance as the Insurer may
      reasonably require for the purpose of exercising any rights of recovery and shall at all times protect and
      preserve any such rights for the benefit of the Insurer. The Insurer shall be entitled to refuse to pay, or
      reduce the amount they pay, for any Claim under this policy if the Insured does not protect and
      preserve such rights of recovery. The Insurer, at its option, may have the conduct of any proceedings
      to recover monies paid or payable by them, whether or not the Insured or person insured has an
      interest in such proceedings by reason of any uninsured losses.
4.6   Reasonable Precautions
      The Insured must throughout the Period of Insurance:
                (a)        comply with all legal requirements, regulations, rules and guidelines imposed by
                           any competent authority;
      (b)       take all reasonable steps to prevent and minimise accidents, loss, injury and damage;
      (c)       take all reasonable steps to maintain property in a good state of repair;
      (d)       take reasonable care in the selection and supervision of Employees; and
      (e)       maintain accounts with a complete record of purchases and sales.
      The Insurer will be under no obligation to pay any Claim to the extent that any matter giving rise to
      that Claim was caused or contributed to, or the Insurer has otherwise been disadvantaged, by any
      failure by the Insured to comply with (a) – (e) above.




                                                 15
The Insured must also comply with any other specific requirements set out in the policy. Those
requirements include Condition 5.5.3 – Claim Notification, Condition 6.4.4 – Claim Notification and
Condition 7.3.2 – Claim Notification. Failure to comply with each of which will entitle the Insurer to
refuse to pay any Claim under the Section of the policy to which those requirements apply.




                                         16
5   Material Damage Section
    5.1   Operative Clause
          The Insurer will make good the Insured's loss in respect of certain kinds of Damage to tangible
          property as stated in the Schedule belonging to the Insured or for which the Insured is responsible
          occurring during the Period of Insurance. The types of Damage covered for each Material Damage
          Specification are as stated under Clause 5.4 – Basis of Cover except where a different basis of cover is
          stated in the relevant Material Damage Specification.
          The amount the Insurer will pay under this Section shall be determined by the relevant basis of
          valuation stated in Clause 5.3 – Basis of Valuation, which shall apply to all property except where a
          different basis of valuation is stated in the relevant Material Damage Specification.
          In respect of each loss, the Insurer does not cover the Excess stated in the Schedule, for each relevant
          Material Damage Specification.
          At any given Premises, only the largest applicable Excess will apply in respect of that Premises.
          The Insurer will not pay more than the Sum Insured stated in the Schedule in total for the relevant
          Material Damage Specification during the whole of the Period of Insurance. The Sums Insured in the
          Schedule should represent the full value of the relevant property when assessed by the relevant basis
          of valuation (N.B. in respect of buildings covered under the Buildings Specification, the Sum Insured
          should represent the full reinstatement value calculated in accordance with RICS standards, including
          professional fees as per Clause 5.3.1 – Property Repaired, Replaced, Rebuilt or Reinstated).
          Consequently, the Sum Insured will be reduced whenever there is a loss by the amount of that loss.
          Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Sum Insured will be reinstated in the following circumstances and
          subject to the following conditions:
                    (a)        where the amount of loss, regardless of any applicable Excess, does not exceed
                               GBP 20,000 the Sum Insured will be reinstated automatically and immediately
                               without additional premium;
                    (b)        where the amount of loss, regardless of any applicable Excess, exceeds GBP 20,000
                               the Insurer will automatically reinstate the Sum Insured but only until such time
                               as they propose in writing a reinstatement premium or formally decline to offer
                               any reinstatement. If the Insurer does not formally confirm either within ninety
                               (90) days of the date of first advice of loss by the Insured to the Insurer, then the
                               reinstatement will become permanent and free. If within the ninety (90) day period
                               the Insurer formally declines to offer reinstatement, the Sum Insured will be
                               reduced by the amount of loss thirty (30) days after the formal notice by the
                               Insurer. If the Insurer offers a reinstatement, the Insured will have thirty (30) days
                               to accept it, otherwise the Sum Insured will be automatically reduced by the
                               amount of the loss upon expiry of the thirty (30) days.
          The Insurer will grant a Day One Uplift on the full value Sums Insured in respect of the Buildings,
          Ancillary Buildings and Machinery, Plant and Equipment Specifications solely to provide for inflation in
          value during the Period of Insurance. The Day One Uplift will be applicable in full from the first day of
          the Period of Insurance. The amount of the Day One Uplift is stated in the Schedule. The application
          of the Day One Uplift shall not diminish the Insurer’s rights under Condition 5.5.1 – Average, it being a
          condition of this Section that the full values of property insured are provided to the Insurer and any
          additions during the Period of the Insurance are likewise provided.
          Where the Sum Insured is stated to be first loss, the Sums Insured are in excess of any applicable Excess.
          Condition 5.5.1 – Average will only apply if a total value at risk is also stated. Further, where a Sum
          Insured is first loss, the Sum Insured is the most the Insurer will pay in respect of any one Occurrence
          and the Sum Insured will not be reduced by the amount of any loss in respect of any subsequent events.
    5.2   Specifications
          The property covered is as stated in each Material Damage Specification.



                                                    17
The Insured shall be entitled to claim under only one Material Damage Specification in respect of each
item of property which has sustained Damage.
No cover is available for any loss which does not fall under any of the covered Material Damage
Specifications or in respect of which a nil Sum Insured or “Not Covered” is shown in the Schedule.
5.2.1     Buildings
          The cover is for the buildings at the Premises which (unless otherwise agreed by the Insurer):
          (a)         are owned by, or are the legal responsibility of, the Insured;
          (b)         are listed on the Schedule;
          (c)         are built at least eighty per cent (80%) of brick, stone, concrete or other non-
                      combustible construction and no more than twenty per cent (20%) combustible
                      construction;
          (d)         are roofed with concrete, asphalt, tiles, slates, metal, or sheets or slabs composed
                      entirely of non-combustible materials;
          (e)         incorporate permanent foundations below ground level; and
          (f)         are capable of being secured against entry by people and animals and against the
                      elements.
          The cover includes:
          (i)         fixtures and fittings in or on those buildings;
          (ii)        walls, gates, panels and fences around those buildings;
          (iii)       fixed glass and sanitary ware (subject to the Basis of Cover, Basis of Valuation and
                      Exclusions set out in the Glass Specification) up to a maximum of GBP 100,000 or
                      ten per cent (10%) of the Buildings Sum Insured whichever is the lesser, and which
                      shall be inclusive within the overall limit for the Buildings Specification stated in
                      the Schedule;
          (iv)        the cost of necessary replacement of keys and lock mechanisms:
                      (1)    to any external door to the Premises or the private residences of any person
                             authorised and directed by the Insured to be available at all times to accept
                             notification of faults or alarm signals relating to any intruder alarm system
                             and allow access to the Premises;
                      (2)    of any safe or strongroom;
                      following theft (whether or not theft is covered by this Section) of keys by forcible
                      and violent entry or exit or violence against a person at the Premises or the said
                      private residences. The maximum liability of the Insurer under this clause for
                      replacement of keys and lock mechanisms is GBP 1,000 in respect of any one
                      Occurrence, which shall be inclusive within the overall limit for the Buildings
                      Specification stated in the Schedule.
5.2.2     Ancillary Buildings
          The cover is for any permanent, immoveable structures at the Premises which are listed on
          the Schedule, which are physically separate from and subsidiary to a building covered under
          the Buildings Specification, and which do not comply with one or more of the criteria listed
          at 5.2.1(c)-(f) above, including stables, garages, sheds, purpose-built shipping containers
          used for storage, huts, lean-tos, greenhouses, hay lofts, barns, floodlights and perimeter
          railings.
          The cover includes fixtures and fittings in or on those structures.




                                            18
5.2.3   Technical Equipment
        The cover is for Technical Equipment used in connection with the Business whilst:
        (a)       at the Insured’s Premises;
        (b)       in transit outside the confines of the Premises by road, rail, air or sea for the
                  purposes of the Business, within the Territorial Limits as stated in the Schedule;
        (c)       at Contract Sites.
        While Technical Equipment is in transit the Insured may waive rights of recovery in writing
        prior to loss against private and contract carriers and accept bills of lading or receipts from
        carriers, bailees, warehousemen or processors prior to loss limiting their liability with the
        Insurer’s prior written consent. The coverage this Section provides will not insure to the
        benefit of any carrier, bailee, warehouseman or processor.
        Notwithstanding exclusion 5.4 (d), the cover also includes theft of unattended Technical
        Equipment if, at the time of such theft, it is:
        (d)       in the open at a Contract Site that is closed to the public; or
        (e)       in an unattended vehicle at a Contract Site that is not closed to the public, but:
                  (1)      the windows, doors and compartments of the vehicle are securely closed
                           and locked;
                  (2)      no items contained in the vehicle are visible from outside; and
                  (3)      such theft results from forcible entry.
        For the purpose of this specification a vehicle will be considered unattended if an Insured
        Person is not in a position to intervene with the theft.
5.2.4   Machinery, Plant and Equipment
        The cover is for machinery, plant and equipment (including computer hardware) at the
        Premises for use in the course of the Business or temporarily (for a period not exceeding
        thirty (30) consecutive days) elsewhere within the Territorial Limits stated in the Schedule
        solely for the purposes of repair, servicing or renovation, but not:
        (a)       landlord’s fixtures and fittings;
        (b)       tenant’s fixtures and fittings and improvements (to the extent covered under the
                  Buildings Specification);
        (c)       stock and materials in trade whether finished or unfinished or in the process of
                  manufacture or treatment;
        (d)       glass;
        (e)       Money;
        (f)       frozen or refrigerated goods;
        (g)       any motor vehicle which is required to be registered for use on the public highway;
        (h)       fine arts and antiques, rare books, curiosities, furs, jewellery, jewels, pearls,
                  precious or semi-precious stones, precious or semi-precious metals or bullion;
        (i)       anything on or in or forming part of a construction site;
        (j)       anything covered under the Portable Equipment Specification;
        (k)       anything covered under the Technical Equipment Specification;
        (l)       Damage to cash registers, including any attached card scanning machines, caused
                  by theft outside of Business Hours, unless they are left open.




                                         19
        Cover temporarily elsewhere than at the Premises for the purposes of repair, servicing or
        renovation includes transit directly between the Premises and the premises of the repairer,
        servicer or renovator.
        This Specification also includes:
        (a)       safes, strongrooms or franking machines at the Premises or the home of any
                  authorised key holder within the Territorial Limits;
        (b)       the cost of necessary replacement of keys and lock mechanisms:
                  (i)      to any external door to the Premises or the private residences of any person
                           authorised and directed by the Insured to be available at all times to accept
                           notification of faults or alarm signals relating to any intruder alarm system
                           and allow access to the Premises;
                  (ii)     of any safe or strongroom;
        following theft (whether or not theft is covered by this Section) of keys by forcible and violent
        entry or exit or violence against a person at the Premises or the said private residences. The
        maximum liability of the Insurer under this clause for replacement of keys and lock
        mechanisms is GBP 1,000 in respect of any one Occurrence, which shall be inclusive within
        the overall limit for the Machinery, Plant and Equipment Specification stated in the
        Schedule.
        The maximum liability of the Insurer under the Machinery, Plant and Equipment and
        Portable Equipment Specifications combined for Damage arising from mechanical, chemical
        or electrical breakdown, short-circuiting, overrunning or derangement of any office
        equipment (including computer hardware) is GBP 50,000 (or, if less, the Sub-Limit stated in
        the Schedule) in respect of any one Occurrence and in the aggregate for the Period of
        Insurance, which shall be inclusive within the overall limit for those Specifications stated in
        the Schedule.
5.2.5   Stock
        The cover is for stock and materials in trade whether finished or unfinished, at the Premises
        for use in the course of the Business. Stock does not include:
        (a)       Money;
        (b)       glass;
        (c)       anything on or in or forming part of a construction site;
        (d)       frozen or refrigerated goods.
5.2.6   Frozen or Refrigerated Goods
        The cover is for frozen or refrigerated goods contained inside any freezing or chilling
        equipment, room or store which is:
        (a)       owned by or leased to the Insured;
        (b)       used by the Insured to control temperature; and
        (c)       located at the Premises;
        provided that the Damage to those goods is caused solely by an unexpected and unforeseen
        rise or fall in temperature in the equipment, room or store as a result of:
        (i)     Damage to the equipment, room or store which is covered by another Material
                Damage Specification; or
        (ii)    accidental failure of the public electricity, gas or water supply.




                                         20
5.2.7    Miscellaneous Contents
         The cover is for contents, including tenants' improvements and alterations, structural
         alterations and additions, decorations, fixtures and fittings, whilst in or on the Premises
         other than
         (1)      Money;
         (2)      anything on or in or forming part of a construction site;
         (3)      fine arts and antiques, rare books, curiosities, furs, jewellery, jewels, pearls, precious
                  or semi-precious stones, precious or semi-precious metals or bullion;
         (4)      glass;
         (5)      stock and materials in trade whether finished or unfinished or in the process of
                  manufacture or treatment;
         (6)      any motor vehicle which is required to be registered for use on the public highway;
         (7)      machinery, plant and equipment;
         (8)      landlord’s fixtures and fittings;
5.2.8    Continuing Interest and hire charges
         The cover is for charges actually and reasonably incurred as a result of the Insured’s legal
         obligations following damage to hired in Technical Equipment while such Technical
         Equipment is out of commission, but only if
         (a)      The Insured has made a claim under this section for the damage to the Technical
                  Equipment; and
         (b)      The Insurer has accepted the claim, or would have but for the amount of the
                  deductible or excess.
         The Insurer’s liability is limited to the lesser of:
         (i)      Continuing hire charges up to the period of (90) calendar days; or
         (ii)     The amount noted in the Schedule
         There shall be no cover under any other Section of this policy in respect of such charges.
5.2.9    Alternative Hire costs
         The cover is for extra expense the Insured incurs with the Insurer’s prior written consent, in
         hiring alternative Technical Equipment in order to continue as nearly practicable the normal
         operation of the business following the breakdown of item or items of Technical Equipment.
         In the event of such damage, the Insurer shall only be liable for the expense incurred for such
         length of time required to repair or replace the Technical Equipment that has sustained
         breakdown.
         The Insured shall have no indemnity for such extra expense after the day the affected
         equipment has been repaired or replaced and there shall be no cover under any other Section
         of this policy in respect of such extra expense.
5.2.10   Money
         (a)      Cover
                  The cover is for Money and applies up to the sub-limits stated in the schedule in
                  respect of any one loss whilst the Money is:
                  (i)      at the Premises:
                           (1)     not kept in locked safes and/or strongroom during Business Hours
                           (2)     not kept in locked safes and/or strongroom outside Business Hours
                           (3)     which is personal money of the Insured or any Employee

                                           21
               And where indicated in the Schedule:
               (4)    secured in a locked safe or strongroom (the keys to which have been
                      removed from the Premises) outside Business Hours
               (5)    from vending machines, automated teller machines (ATMs),
                      entertainment or gaming machines
      (ii)     in transit, if indicated in the Schedule:
               (1)    carried by the Insured, partner, director or authorised Employee
                      with a minimum number of able-bodied adult persons in attendance
                      as below:
                      Up to GBP 2,500 – 1 person
                      Up to GBP 6,000 – 2 persons
                      Up to GBP 12,500 – 3 persons
               (2)    with a professional security company
      (iii)    deposited in a bank night safe
      (iv)     at the private residences of the Insured or any partner, director or
               authorised Employee whether or not kept in a locked safe
      but only whilst within the Territorial Limits stated in the Schedule and subject to the
      conditions, exclusions and limitations below.
      Notwithstanding Exclusion 5.4(l), this Specification covers Damage arising from the
      dishonest acts of any Employee of the Insured but only where that Damage is
      discovered within fourteen (14) days of occurrence and the Insured has taken all
      reasonable precautions to minimise the risk of that Damage. The maximum liability
      of the Insurer under this extension for dishonest acts of Employees is stated in the
      Schedule in respect of any one Occurrence, which shall be inclusive within the
      overall limit for this Money Specification.
(b)   Replacement of Keys and Locks
      This Specification also includes the cost of necessary replacement of keys and lock
      mechanisms:
      (i)      to any external door to the Premises or the private residences of any person
               authorised and directed by the Insured to be available at all times to accept
               notification of faults or alarm signals relating to any intruder alarm system
               and allow access to the Premises;
      (ii)     of any safe or strongroom;
      following theft of keys by forcible and violent entry or exit or violence against a
      person at the Premises or the relevant private residences. The maximum liability of
      the Insurer under this clause for replacement of keys and lock mechanisms is GBP
      1,000 in respect of any one Occurrence, which shall be inclusive within the overall
      limit for this Money Specification stated in the Schedule.
(c)   Fraudulent Use of Credit Cards
      This Specification also includes the fraudulent use of credit or charge cards provided
      to any Employee by the Insured for use in connection with the Business. The
      maximum liability of the Insurer under this clause is GBP 250 any one card which
      shall be inclusive within the overall limit for this Money Specification as stated in the
      Schedule.
(d)   Basis of Valuation
      The amount payable shall be the value of the Money at the time of its loss.


                              22
         (e)    Exclusions
                This Specification does not cover:
                (i)     pre-signed blank cheques or other financial instruments requiring
                        signature;
                (ii)    Money in any mode of transport where there is no one in charge of it,
                        keeping it under observation and able to interfere with any attempt by
                        anyone to break into it or steal it or anything in it;
                (iii)   Damage caused or contributed to by or consisting of depreciation in value,
                        dishonoured cheques or the use of counterfeit Money.
         (f)    Conditions
                (i)     The Insured must:
                        (1)    maintain records of any Money, whether in transit or at the
                               Premises, and keep such records in a secure place other than the
                               safe or strongroom;
                        (2)    monitor and control the custody of keys to the Premises or any part
                               thereof which protects the Premises or Money and to prevent the
                               possession of keys to the Premises by unauthorised persons;
                        (3)    monitor and control access to any security device which protects the
                               Premises, including any random key code numbers, and to prevent
                               the possession of such information by unauthorised persons;
                        (4)    ensure any random key code numbers used are altered at regular
                               intervals.
                (ii)    The Insured must report immediately to the police any theft or assault and
                        offer them all assistance.
                In the event of breach of these conditions, the Insurer shall have no liability under
                this policy, unless the Insured can show that non-compliance with these conditions
                could not have increased the risk of the loss that actually occurred in the
                circumstances in which it occurred.
5.2.11   Personal Assault
         (a)    Cover
                The cover is for compensation as specified in the Schedule in respect of Injury
                sustained to an Insured Person in the course of the Business within the Territorial
                Limits stated in the Schedule and where the Injury arises directly from an assault
                for the purposes of theft or attempted theft including assault or violence or threats
                thereof committed during the Period of Insurance.
                The maximum payable in respect of an Insured Person during the whole of the
                Period of Insurance is one hundred per cent (100%) of the Capital Sum stated in the
                Schedule.
                The Temporary Total Disablement benefit is deducted from the amount of any
                other benefit payable in respect of an Insured Person.
                The death benefit will only be paid if death occurs within a twenty-four (24) month
                period following the incident causing Injury.




                                       23
         (b)     Basis of Valuation
                 The amount payable shall be the compensation as stated in the Schedule subject to
                 the percentages in the table below:
                   1      Death                                                                      100%

                   2      Loss of Sight – one eye                                                     50%

                   3      Loss of Sight – both eyes                                                  100%

                   4      Loss of Limb – one limb                                                     50%

                   5      Loss of Limb – two limbs                                                   100%

                   6      Loss of Sight and Loss of Limb                                             100%

                   7      Permanent Total Disablement                                                100%

                   8      Temporary Total Disablement – amount per week during such                    2%
                          disablement but not beyond fifty (50) weeks in excess of the first
                          two (2) weeks from the date on which the Insured Person first
                          sustained Injury.

         (c)     Exclusion
                 Compensation shall not be payable for any person whose age exceeds seventy (70)
                 years at the date Injury was sustained.
         (d)     Conditions
                 (i)     In the event of Injury likely to give rise to a Claim under this Specification the
                         Insured must procure that the Insured Person must as soon as possible
                         place themselves under the care of a qualified medical practitioner and the
                         Insured shall notify the Insurer within thirty (30) days of the happening of
                         such Injury.
                 (ii)    All medical certificates, information and evidence to support any Claim shall
                         be provided at the expense of the Insured or Insured Person and must be in
                         a form as required by the Insurer.
                 (iii)   The Insurer will not be liable to pay compensation unless the medical adviser
                         or advisers appointed by them is allowed as often as necessary to make an
                         examination, at the Insurer’s expense, of the injured Insured Person.
                 (iv)    In the event of death of the Insured Person, the Insurer shall be entitled to
                         have a post-mortem examination at the Insurer’s expense.
                 (v)     The Insurer will not be bound to accept or be affected by notice of any trust,
                         charge or consignment relating to this Specification and the receipt of the
                         Insured shall be a valid discharge of the Insurer’s liability.
                 (vi)    The Insured shall report immediately to the police any theft or assault and
                         offer them all assistance.
5.2.12   Glass
         (a)     Cover
                 The cover is for all fixed glass and sanitary ware but only so long as a nil Sum Insured
                 or “Not Covered” is shown in the Schedule for the Buildings Specification, and such
                 items are in or are part of buildings at the Premises which satisfy the criteria listed
                 at 5.2.1(a)-(f) above.


                                         24
         (b)     Basis of Cover
                 The basis of cover for this Specification is fracture extending through the entire
                 thickness of the item of glass or sanitary ware by any cause, subject to the exclusions
                 under Clause 5.4 – Basis of Cover and the additional exclusions stated below.
         (c)     Basis of Valuation
                 The amount payable shall be as per Clause 5.3 – Basis of Valuation plus the cost of
                 necessary boarding up and hiring of security services pending replacement and the
                 necessary repair or replacement of window frames, framework security fittings
                 and/or alarm foil or heat reflecting material or process on glass following breakage
                 of the glass. The maximum liability of the Insurer under this Specification (unless
                 otherwise stated in the Schedule) is GBP 25,000 in respect of any one Occurrence
                 and in the aggregate for the Period of Insurance.
         (d)     Exclusions
                 This Specification does not cover:
                 (i)    property (or that part of property) consisting of:
                        (1)    stock and materials in trade;
                        (2)    light bulbs and (unless specifically noted as included on the Schedule)
                               neon bulbs and neon light tubing;
                        (3)    free standing signs;
                        (4)    lettering, embossing, beading, silvering or ornamental work;
                        (5)    solar panels.
                 (ii)   loss caused by or contributed to by or consisting of:
                        (1)    repairs or alterations to the Premises;
                        (2)    Damage to sanitary ware which remains serviceable after the
                               Damage;
                        (3)    defects in frames, framework or other fittings;
                        (4)    Damage to showcases while being moved or relocated.
5.2.13   Portable Equipment
         The cover is for the Insured’s equipment including carrying cases, computers, computer
         peripherals, watches, mobile telephones, data carrying devices and satellite navigation
         equipment whilst being used in connection with the Business by the Insured, Employees or
         other persons authorised by the Insured at the Premises or temporarily elsewhere within
         the territory stated in the Schedule.
         The Insurer shall not be liable in respect of any single item to pay more than the Item Limit
         stated in the Schedule.
5.2.14   Rent Payable
         Under this Specification, the Insurer will pay to the Insured all sums which the Insured is
         legally liable to pay as rent in respect of the Premises provided that the Premises are unfit
         for occupation due to Damage at the Premises.
         The maximum liability of the Insurer under this Specification is the Sum Insured stated in
         the Schedule any one Occurrence and in the aggregate for the Period of Insurance. The
         Insurer will not be liable for the Excess.




                                        25
5.3   Basis of Valuation
      For assessment and for adjustment in the event of Damage under this Section, the Basis of Valuation
      shall be as follows except where a different basis of valuation is stated in the relevant Material Damage
      Specification.
      5.3.1     Property Repaired, Replaced, Rebuilt or Reinstated
                On property, other than those specified below, which the Insured repairs, replaces, rebuilds
                or reinstates, the basis of valuation is whichever costs the less of:
                (a)    repairing to a condition equivalent to but not better or more extensive than when new;
                       or

                (b)    replacing, rebuilding or reinstating to the same quality, size and extent and (in the
                       case of buildings) on the same site with new materials.

                       The Insured may, however, replace, rebuild or reinstate buildings to any quality, size
                       or extent on the same or a different site within the same country provided that the
                       total cost of doing so does not exceed the cost of replacing, rebuilding or reinstating
                       to the same quality, size and extent on the same site.
                       The work of repair, replacement, rebuilding or reinstatement must commence and be
                       undertaken with due diligence and dispatch, and at the latest within two (2) years
                       from the date of the Damage. Failing this, the basis of valuation under Clause 5.3.2 –
                       Property not Repaired, Replaced, Rebuilt or Reinstated shall apply.
                       Architects’, surveyors’, legal and other professional fees necessarily incurred to repair,
                       replace, rebuild or reinstate following Damage are included but only up to the
                       amounts determined in the scales of charges published by the respective professional
                       bodies.
                       The necessary costs of:
                       (i)      demolition of existing structures which have sustained partial Damage at the
                                site of the Damage;
                       (ii)     debris removal at the site of the Damage and in areas immediately adjacent;
                                and
                       (iii)    additionally complying with compulsory building or other regulations issued
                                under any national or municipal law or ordinance regulating the
                                construction, demolition or repair of property in force at the time of the
                                Damage;
                       (iv)     cleaning of drains, sewers and gutters, the property of the Insured or for
                                which they are responsible at the site of the Damage;
                       (v)      repairing or replacing telephone, gas, water and electric instruments, meters,
                                piping, cabling and the like and their accessories, whether at the Premises or
                                in adjoining yards or roadways, above ground or underground, the property
                                of the Insured or for which they are responsible at the site of the Damage;
                       (vi)     locating the source of Damage following liquids escaping from their confines
                                due to bursting, overflowing or leaking, in respect of water from pipes, water
                                mains, water tanks, sprinkler installations or water apparatus, oil or fuel from
                                storage tanks or oil from any fixed heating installation, including Damage
                                necessarily caused as a result of trying to locate the Damage;
                       shall be covered, provided always that the Insurer’s liability for such costs does not
                       exceed in total twenty-five per cent (25%) of the cost of the reinstatement. Where the
                       reinstatement is carried out on a different site, such costs will only be paid once and
                       shall not exceed in total the amount that would have been paid had the reinstatement
                       been carried out at the same site.

                                                 26
                However, the Insurer shall not be liable for:
                (1)    costs incurred in complying with any laws or ordinances under which notice to
                       comply has been served upon the Insured prior to the happening of the
                       Damage;
                (2)    additional costs that would have been incurred to make good the property
                       which has been Damaged to a condition equal to its condition when new had
                       the necessity to comply with any laws or ordinances not arisen;
                (3)    any rate, tax, duty, development or other charge or assessment arising out of
                       capital appreciation which may be payable in respect of the property or by its
                       owner by reason of compliance with any laws or ordinances;
                (4)    costs associated with the preparation of the Insured’s claim under this policy.
5.3.2   Property not Repaired, Replaced, Rebuilt or Reinstated
        On property which the Insured decides not to repair, replace, rebuild or reinstate, other than
        property due for demolition, the basis of valuation is as per the basis stated in Clause 5.3.1 –
        Property Repaired, Replaced, Rebuilt or Reinstated subject to deduction for depreciation,
        wear, tear and obsolescence.
5.3.3   Property due for Demolition
        On property awaiting demolition, the basis of valuation is only the increase in the cost of
        demolition caused by the Damage.
5.3.4   Property offered for Sale
        On property, other than stock, on offer for sale at the time of Damage, the basis of valuation
        is the sale price of the property or the cost of repair, replacement, rebuilding or reinstatement
        as per the basis of valuation under Clause 5.3.1 – Property Repaired, Replaced, Rebuilt or
        Reinstated, whichever is less.
5.3.5   Technical Equipment
        The basis of valuation is the lesser of the cost to repair the equipment or the cost to replace
        the equipment with new equipment which has most nearly the same function even if to get
        the same function requires new equipment which is more advanced.
        Notwithstanding Policy Exclusion 3.7 – Cyber, where computer hardware used to store
        and/or process electronic data is in fact repaired or replaced following Damage covered
        under this policy, the cost of repair or replacement shall be extended – up to a limit of GBP
        15,000 any one Occurrence and in the aggregate for the Period of Insurance, and subject
        always to the applicable Sum(s) Insured and any other applicable limit – to include the
        reasonable and necessary costs of restoring or reproducing any electronic data contained on
        that hardware or equipment. The limit of GBP 15,000 shall be inclusive within the Sum
        Insured for the Machinery, Plant and Equipment and/or Portable Equipment and/or
        Technical Equipment Specifications as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, this policy
        does not insure any amount pertaining to the value (commercial or otherwise) of data.
5.3.6   Stock
        On property consisting of stock (including frozen and refrigerated goods), the basis of
        valuation is the cost to replace.




                                         27
      5.3.7     Personal Effects
                On property consisting of directors', Employees’ and visitors’ clothing, personal effects and
                tools of trade, the basis of valuation is the cost to repair or replace after deduction for
                depreciation, wear, tear and obsolescence subject to a maximum deduction of fifty per cent
                (50%).
      5.3.8     Valuable Papers
                On property consisting of valuable documents, manuscripts, securities, deeds,
                specifications, plans, drawings, designs and business books but not electronic or magnetic
                information storage and processing media, computer data storage disks or tapes, the basis
                of valuation is the cost of reinstating, replacing, reproducing or restoring, including
                information contained in them or on them but excluding the value to the Insured of the said
                information or, if such is not required, the replacement cost of materials as blank stationery
                at the time and place of the Damage.
      5.3.9     Other Debris Removal
                Debris removal from the Premises or immediately adjacent areas, other than as referred to
                in Clause 5.3.1 – Property Repaired, Replaced, Rebuilt or Reinstated above, of covered
                property which has sustained Damage is included but only up to ten per cent (10%) of the
                amount of such Damage.
5.4   Basis of Cover – All Risks
      Basis of Cover – All Risks shall be understood as Damage by any cause except as follows:
      (a)       Damage to any property caused by or consisting of its own:
                (i)      spontaneous fermentation;
                (ii)     spontaneous heating;
                (iii)    spontaneous ignition;
                (iv)     undergoing any heating process or any process involving the application of heat;
                (v)      bursting, overflowing, exploding or leaking;
                (vi)     mechanical, chemical or electrical breakdown, short-circuiting, overrunning or
                         derangement, other than in the case of office equipment (including computer
                         hardware);
                (vii)    being used for a purpose other than it was designed for or in excess of design
                         tolerances or in breach of any manufacturer’s instructions as to use or operation;
                (viii)   defective design, defective manufacture or having any natural or man-made
                         inherent flaws or defects;
                (ix)     wearing out or gradually deteriorating, shrinking, evaporating rusting, corroding,
                         being scratched or discolouring or other chemical or biological transformation or
                         being affected by loss of flavour, crispness or texture, damp, dryness, wet or dry rot,
                         vermin, insects or mould;
      (b)       Damage by flood or any other weather conditions to fences or gates or moveable property in
                the open or in open sided buildings or other structures covered under the Ancillary Buildings
                Specifications. This exclusion does not apply to Technical Equipment installed at a Contract
                Site;
      (c)       Damage by theft of moveable property in the open unless in a locked and secured yard;
      (d)       Damage by theft of unattended Technical Equipment in the open;
      (e)       Damage by bursting, overflowing or leaking of water, oil, fuel or beverages from any
                container, pipe, dispenser or installation:




                                                 28
      (i)      as a result of repair, testing, removal, alteration or extension not carried out by a
               qualified engineer or plumber;
      (ii)     occurring at a vacant or unoccupied building or structure covered under the
               Buildings or Ancillary Buildings Specifications. Buildings in normal use but closed
               outside Business Hours or for holidays or weekends for less than twenty-one (21)
               consecutive days are not considered vacant or unoccupied; or
      (iii)   from sprinkler installations occurring during repairs or alterations to the Premises;
      (iv)    arising from any water pipe which has not been lagged;
(f)   Damage by malicious persons at or to vacant or unoccupied buildings or structures covered
      under the Buildings or Ancillary Buildings Specifications. Buildings in normal use but closed
      outside Business Hours or for holidays or weekends for less than twenty-one (21)
      consecutive days are not considered vacant or unoccupied;
(g)   Damage by subsidence, ground heave, landslip or landslide to yards, car parks, roads,
      pavements, swimming pools, paved terraces, walls, gates, fences or any water, gas,
      electricity, sewerage or communications services unless there is damage to buildings
      covered under the Buildings Specification at the same time and from the same cause;
(h)   Damage by subsidence, ground heave, landslip or landslide caused by or consisting of:
      (i)      the settlement or bedding down of structures which are less than twelve (12) months
               old since completion;
      (ii)     the settlement or movement of made-up ground which is less than twelve (12)
               months old since completion;
      (iii)    coastal or riverbank erosion;
      (iv)     demolition, construction, structural alteration or repair of any property,
               groundwork or excavation;
(i)   Damage by or during or consisting of an act of theft or attempted theft from any vehicle
      outside the Premises where there is no one in charge keeping the vehicle under observation
      and able to interfere with any attempt by anyone to break into it or steal it or anything in it;
(j)   Damage caused by or consisting of confiscation, requisition, seizure or destruction by order
      of the Government or any public authority;
(k)   Damage caused by total or partial cessation or interruption or retarding of work;
(l)   voluntary parting with title or possession;
(m)   Damage caused or contributed to by acts of fraud or dishonesty on the part of the Insured
      or any partner, director or Employee of the Insured, members of their families or any other
      person to whom property insured has been entrusted or in collusion with any of such
      persons;
(n)   inventory shortage or error or omission;
(o)   Damage to anything while it is being repaired, renovated, tested or otherwise worked on;
(p)   Damage caused or contributed to by Pollution in any sequence unless such Pollution was a
      single isolated event occurring in its entirety during the Period of Insurance stated in the
      Schedule;
(q)   Damage caused by or consisting of fungal pathogens or bacteria. For the purposes of this
      exclusion “fungal pathogens” shall mean any fungus or mycota or any by-product or type of
      infestation produced by such fungus or mycota, including but not limited to mould, mildew,
      mycotoxins, spores or any biogenic aerosols;
(r)   Damage caused or contributed to in any sequence by solar flares or coronal mass ejections.




                                      29
        5.5   Conditions
              5.5.1   Average
                      If the property covered by the relevant Material Damage Specification shall at the time of any
                      loss be of greater value than the Sum Insured stated against that Specification in the
                      Schedule (after the application of any Day One Uplift), the Insured shall only be entitled to
                      recover hereunder such proportion of the amount otherwise payable for the loss pursuant to
                      the policy as the Sum Insured bears to the actual total value of the said property.
                      However, where the applicable Sum Insured is stated to be first loss, this clause shall not
                      apply.
5.5.2                 Capital Additions
                      Where cover is provided for Buildings and/or Machinery, Plant and Equipment at any given
                      Premises and further such items are added or acquired or they are physically improved
                      during the Period of Insurance, the cover provided by the policy at such Premises shall
                      include such additions, acquisitions or improvements for up to ninety (90) days (or to expiry
                      of the Period of Insurance if sooner) without the Insured being required to notify the
                      Insurer. Such cover shall cease automatically at the end of such period unless the Insurer
                      has agreed terms for continuance.
                      Where such cover is already insured on a first loss basis, the addition, acquisition or
                      improvement shall not operate to increase the first loss Sum Insured.
                      This condition does not apply to property whose use or occupancy materially changes the
                      risk from that previously advised to the Insurer.
                      The maximum amount of such additions or acquisitions at any one Premises shall not exceed
                      GBP 250,000.
              5.5.3   Claim Notification
                      The Insurer shall be entitled to refuse to pay any Claim under the Material Damage Section
                      if, in the event of Damage which might be covered under the Material Damage Section, the
                      Insured does not:
                      (a)     notify the Insurer as soon as possible and at the latest within fourteen (14) days;
                      (b)     notify the police authority as soon as possible if it becomes evident that any Damage
                              has been caused by malicious persons;
                      (c)     notify the police authority as soon as possible and take all practical steps to discover
                              any guilty person and to trace and recover the property insured as a result of theft;
                      (d)     carry out and permit to be taken any action to prevent further Damage;
                      (e)     deliver to the Insurer at the Insured’s own expense within thirty (30) days after such
                              Damage (seven (7) days in the case of Damage caused by riot, civil commotion,
                              strikers, locked-out workers, persons taking part in labour disturbances or malicious
                              persons):
                              (i)      full information in writing of the property damaged and of the amount of
                                       Damage;
                              (ii)     details of any other insurances applicable to the Damage being claimed for,
                                       whether the Insured intends to make a Claim against such insurances or
                                       not and whether such insurances are valid and collectible or not;
                              (iii)    any other proofs and information relating to the loss as the Insurer may
                                       require.




                                                     30
5.5.4   Equipment Inspection
        The Insured must have any vessel, machinery or apparatus insured under this Policy
        inspected periodically by an engineer qualified for the purpose if the Insured is required to
        do so by any statutory regulation or by-law.
5.5.5   Other Insurance
        Where there is other insurance covering property also covered by this Section, this policy will
        respond only when the cover available under that other insurance (or which would be
        available but for the existence of this policy) has been exhausted.
5.5.6   Other Interests
        The interest of any party supplying equipment to the Insured under a hiring, leasing or similar
        agreement is noted under this Section provided that the nature and extent of such interest is
        disclosed to the Insurer in the event of Damage.
5.5.7   Protection, Preservation and Security of Property
        The Insured shall ensure that:
        (a)       All systems, appliances and extinguishers that are installed for the protection of
                  the Premises are:
                  (i)      installed in accordance with the manufacturer’s specification;
                  (ii)     not altered, varied or affected by any structural alteration to the Premises
                           without the Insurer’s prior written consent;
                  (iii)    in full and efficient working order at all times;
                  (iv)     regularly serviced either under the manufacturer’s maintenance contract
                           or an NSI or LPCB approved contractor in accordance with the
                           manufacturer’s specifications;
        (b)       the fire alarm is tested at least weekly and continually set in active mode;
        (c)       the intruder alarm is tested and fully set whenever the alarmed portion of the
                  Premises is closed for Business or not attended by the Insured or any competent
                  adult authorised by the Insured to be responsible for the security of the Premises;
        (d)       the sprinkler system and its water supplies are inspected and tested weekly to
                  ascertain they are in working order and that control valves are in the fully open
                  position and, if required by the Insured, the water supply is tested for adequacy
                  quarterly or half yearly;
        (e)       the fire extinguishers are inspected regularly to ensure effective operation;
        The particulars of the tests described above shall be recorded and any defect whether
        revealed by such tests or otherwise will be remedied promptly.
        (f)       The Insurer is notified as soon as reasonably practicable:
                  (i)      upon discovery of any defects that arise in the alarm system, that such
                           defects are remedied as soon as is practicable and that the Insurer is
                           advised in writing once the alarm system is fully operational;
                  (ii)     of any withdrawal, disconnection or failure of or downgrading of any civil
                           authority response to the alarm system likely to leave any area
                           unprotected;
        (g)       The Insurer has available keyholders notified to all appropriate services;
        (h)       all reasonable steps are taken to ensure that the sprinkler system is protected from
                  frost insofar as the Insured’s responsibility extends to maintaining the
                  installation;



                                         31
        (i)       a training programme for appointed staff to ensure familiarity with the operation
                  of fire extinguishing appliances is established, maintained and documented;
        The cover provided by this Section will not be invalidated by any defect in the said systems
        due to circumstances beyond the Insured’s control arising after the systems have been
        properly set.
        In the event of breach of this condition, the Insurer shall have no liability under this policy,
        unless the Insured can show that non-compliance with this condition could not have
        increased the risk of the loss that actually occurred in the circumstances in which it occurred.
        This Section also includes necessary costs incurred to temporarily protect or preserve
        property when this is necessary due to actual or to prevent imminent Damage but not
        exceeding the amount by which a loss under this Section is reduced by reason of such
        preventative or protective action. Such costs are subject to the Excess that would have
        applied had the Damage occurred.
5.5.8   Survey and Risk Improvement
        If this policy has been issued subject to receipt by the Insurer of a satisfactory survey of the
        Premises:
        (a)       the Insured shall allow the Insurer and its representatives access to the Premises
                  for the purpose of carrying out that survey within any timeframe specified by the
                  Insurer at the time this policy was issued, failing which the Insurer shall be
                  entitled to impose additional terms and conditions or withdraw cover;
        (b)       the Insurer shall have the right to (i) terminate cover under this policy by giving
                  seven (7) days’ written notice to the Insured if in the opinion of the Insurer the
                  result of the survey is unsatisfactory, or (ii) impose risk improvements; and
        (c)       the Insured shall comply with any such risk improvements within any timeframe
                  specified by the Insurer failing which the Insurer shall be entitled to impose
                  additional terms and conditions or withdraw cover.
5.5.9   Minimum Security Protections
        The Insured must comply with the following minimum security protections.
        In respect of buildings covered under the Buildings Specification:
        (a)       all final exit timber doors must (i) have frames which are at least 45mm thick, (ii)
                  be fitted with mortice deadlocks which conform to British Standard 3621:1980 for
                  thief resistant locks; and (iii) if double leaf, also be fitted with security bolts at the
                  top and bottom of their first closing leaf;
        (b)       all final exit aluminium doors must (i) be fitted with a swing bolt mortice lock; and
                  (ii) if double leaf, also be fitted with security bolts at the top and bottom of their
                  first closing leaf;
        (c)       all other external or internal doors leading to common areas or other premises
                  must be fitted with key operated security bolts at the top and bottom; and
        (d)       all windows on the ground floor and/or which are accessible from roofs, fire
                  escapes or downpipes must be fitted with key operated locks or bars or grilles.
        Requirements (a) – (d) above shall not apply to any door or window officially designated by
        the fire authority as a fire exit.
        In respect of purpose-built shipping containers used for storage covered under the Ancillary
        Buildings Specification:
        (a)       both access doors must be fitted with at least one 6mm-16mm Mul-T-Lock (C
                  Series) closed shackle padlock on each leaf; and
        (b)       the central closing point where both doors meet must be fitted with at least one
                  11mm-13mm Mul-T-Lock slide bolt lock incorporating a metal covering box.

                                         32
         In respect of any other structures covered under the Ancillary Buildings Specification, all
         reasonable security measures must be fitted to protect those structures from unauthorised
         access.
         In the event of breach of this condition, the Insurer shall have no liability under this policy,
         unless the Insured can show that non-compliance with this condition could not have
         increased the risk of the loss that actually occurred in the circumstances in which it occurred.
5.5.10   Transfer of Interest
         If, at the time of Damage, the Insured has exchanged contracts to sell a building or structure
         covered under the Buildings or Ancillary Buildings Specifications but has not yet completed,
         the cover provided by this Section will continue until the time of completion for the benefit
         of the purchaser, provided always that the purchaser shall fully observe and comply with all
         the terms of the policy.
         This condition shall not apply if at the time of the Damage any other insurance was in force
         covering that Damage.
5.5.11   Unoccupied Property
         The Insured must take the following steps in respect of any building or structure covered
         under the Buildings or Ancillary Buildings Specifications which is not in normal occupation
         for a period of more than thirty (30) days:
         (a)       disconnect all electricity (save as required to maintain protection and security
                   systems), gas and water main supplies;
         (b)       drain all water and heating systems;
         (c)       lock all outside doors, seal all letterboxes and other openings, and close and
                   secure all windows (and in the case of buildings or structures not in normal
                   occupation for a period of more than six (6) months, brick up or board up all ground
                   floor windows and, save for one access door, all outside doors);
         (d)       remove all waste, combustible materials and gas bottles;
         (e)       carry out an internal visit to the building or structure at least every seven (7) days,
                   remedy any defects found and keep a record of all such visits and remedial work.
         In the event of breach of this condition, the Insurer shall have no liability under this policy,
         unless the Insured can show that non-compliance with this condition could not have
         increased the risk of the loss that actually occurred in the circumstances in which it occurred.
5.5.12   Weakening of Support
         The Insured must immediately notify the Insurer if they become aware of any demolition,
         groundwork, excavation or construction being carried out on any adjoining site.
         In the event of breach of this condition, the Insurer shall have no liability under this policy,
         unless the Insured can show that non-compliance with this condition could not have
         increased the risk of the loss that actually occurred in the circumstances in which it occurred.




                                         33
6   Business Interruption Section
    6.1   Operative Clause
          This Section covers the Insured’s loss, as set out in the Business Interruption Specifications stated as
          Operative in the Schedule, resulting from interruption of or interference with the Business in the
          Territorial Limits in consequence of:
                    (a)        any event which gives rise to a payment by the Insurer under the Material Damage
                               Section or under any extension of that Section; or
                    (b)        other events as set out in each Business Interruption Specification or under any
                               extension of this Section;
          and all subject to all the terms, conditions and exclusions of this Section and of the policy as a whole.
          This Section does not cover the loss of intrinsic value of tangible property which has sustained Damage.
          If the only reason Damage is not covered by this policy or by the other insurance, as the case may be, is
          because of a deductible or excess provision, then this Section will apply, subject to all its terms,
          conditions and exclusions, to the loss arising as a consequence of such Damage.
          In no case will the Insurer pay for such loss over a longer period than it would take, with the exercise of
          due diligence and dispatch, for the Business to be restored to the condition that would have existed
          had no loss occurred.
          The amounts insured in respect of each Business Interruption Specification are as specified in the
          Schedule and are in addition to the Sums Insured or Limits of Liability under any other Section of this
          policy, unless stated otherwise in the policy or in any endorsement.
          In no case will the Insurer pay more under each covered Business Interruption Specification than the
          applicable Sum Insured stated in the Schedule.
    6.2   Specifications
          No cover is available for any loss which does not fall under any of the covered Business Interruption
          Specifications or in respect of which a nil Sum Insured or “Not Covered” is inserted in the Schedule.
          6.2.1     Loss of Gross Profit
                    (a)      Cover
                             This Specification covers the Insured’s loss of Gross Profit due to:
                             (i)      reduction in Turnover; and
                             (ii)     increase in cost of working.
                             The amount payable under this Specification shall be:
                             (1)      in respect of reduction in Turnover, the sum produced by applying the Rate
                                      of Gross Profit to the amount by which the Turnover during the Indemnity
                                      Period shall, in consequence of the Damage, fall short of the Standard
                                      Turnover;
                             (2)      in respect of increase in cost of working, the additional expenditure
                                      necessarily incurred for the sole purpose of avoiding or diminishing the
                                      reduction in Turnover which but for that expenditure would have taken
                                      place during the Indemnity Period in consequence of the Damage, but not
                                      exceeding the sum produced by applying the Rate of Gross Profit to the
                                      amount of the reduction thereby avoided;
                    less any sum saved during the Indemnity Period in respect of such of the Standing Charges
                    as may cease or be reduced in consequence of the Damage.




                                                     34
        (b)    Conditions
               (i)      If during the Indemnity Period, goods are sold or services rendered
                        elsewhere than at Premises for the benefit of the Business either by the
                        Insured or by others on their behalf, the money paid or payable in respect
                        of such sales or service shall be taken into account in arriving at the
                        Turnover during the Indemnity Period.
               (ii)     If any standing charges of the Business are not insured by this Section then
                        in computing the amount recoverable hereunder as increase in cost of
                        working, that proportion only of the additional expenditure shall be
                        brought into account which the sum of the Net Profit and Standing
                        Charges bears to the sum of the Net Profit and all the standing charges.
               (iii)    If the Business is conducted in departments, the independent trading
                        results of which are ascertainable, the provisions of this Specification shall
                        apply separately as regards reduction in Turnover and increase in cost of
                        working to each department affected by the Damage.
               (iv)     This Specification is subject to the condition of average, that is to say, if the
                        Estimated Annual Gross Profit for the Period stated in the Schedule, when
                        estimated immediately prior to the date of loss without taking the loss into
                        account, is greater than the estimate stated in the Schedule, then a
                        percentage contribution shall be applied, being the percentage the excess
                        amount bears to the estimate immediately prior to the date of loss. This
                        percentage contribution shall be applied to the amount of the Insured’s
                        loss of Gross Profit after the application of any excess and borne by the
                        Insured and the Sum Insured shall be reduced by the same proportion.
                        However, this condition will only be applied if the percentage contribution
                        is equal to or exceeds thirty-five per cent (35%).
6.2.2   Loss of Gross Revenue
        (a)    Cover
               This Specification covers the Insured’s loss of Gross Revenue due to:
               (i)     reduction in Revenue; and
               (ii)    increase in cost of working.
               The amount payable under this Specification shall be:
               (1)     in respect of reduction in Revenue, the amount by which the Revenue during
                       the Indemnity Period shall, in consequence of the Damage, fall short of the
                       Standard Revenue;
               (2)     in respect of increase in cost of working, the additional expenditure
                       necessarily incurred for the sole purpose of avoiding or diminishing the
                       reduction in Revenue which but for that expenditure would have taken place
                       during the Indemnity Period in consequence of the Damage, but not
                       exceeding the loss of Revenue thereby avoided;
               less any sum saved during the Indemnity Period in respect of such expenses and/or
               working costs as may cease or be reduced in consequence of the Damage.
        (b)    Conditions
               (i)     If during the Indemnity Period, Business is conducted elsewhere than at
                       Premises, the money paid or payable in respect of such Business shall be
                       taken into account in arriving at the Revenue during the Indemnity Period.




                                       35
                (ii)    This Specification is subject to the condition of average, that is to say, if the
                        estimated annual Gross Revenue for the Period stated in the Schedule, when
                        estimated immediately prior to the date of loss without taking the loss into
                        account, is greater than the estimate stated in the Schedule, then a
                        percentage contribution shall be applied, being the percentage the excess
                        amount bears to the estimate immediately prior to the date of loss. This
                        percentage contribution shall be applied to the amount of the Insured’s loss
                        of Revenue after the application of any excess and borne by the Insured and
                        the Sum Insured shall be reduced by the same proportion. However, this
                        condition will only be applied if the percentage contribution is equal to or
                        exceeds thirty-five per cent (35%).
6.2.3   Flexible Limit of Loss – Loss of Gross Profit
        (a)     Cover
                This Specification covers the Insured’s loss of Gross Profit due to:
                (i)     reduction in Turnover; and
                (ii)    increase in cost of working.
                The amount payable under this Specification shall be:
                (1)     in respect of reduction in Turnover, the sum produced by applying the Rate
                        of Gross Profit to the amount by which the Turnover during the Indemnity
                        Period shall, in consequence of the Damage, fall short of the Standard
                        Turnover;
                (2)     in respect of increase in cost of working, the additional expenditure
                        necessarily incurred for the sole purpose of avoiding or diminishing the
                        reduction in Turnover which but for that expenditure would have taken place
                        during the Indemnity Period in consequence of the Damage;
                less any sum saved during the Indemnity Period in respect of such of the Standing
                Charges as may cease or be reduced in consequence of the Damage.
        (b)     Conditions
                (i)     If during the Indemnity Period, goods are sold or services rendered
                        elsewhere than at Premises for the benefit of the Business either by the
                        Insured or by others on their behalf, the money paid or payable in respect of
                        such sales or service shall be taken into account in arriving at the Turnover
                        during the Indemnity Period.
                (ii)    If any standing charges of the Business are not insured by this Section then
                        in computing the amount recoverable hereunder as increase in cost of
                        working, that proportion only of the additional expenditure shall be brought
                        into account which the sum of the Net Profit and Standing Charges bears to
                        the sum of the Net Profit and all the standing charges.
                (iii)   If the Business is conducted in departments, the independent trading results
                        of which are ascertainable, the provisions of this Specification shall apply
                        separately as regards reduction in Turnover and increase in cost of working
                        to each department affected by the Damage.
                (iv)    This Specification is subject to the condition of average, that is to say, if the
                        Estimated Annual Gross Profit for the Period stated in the Schedule, when
                        estimated immediately prior to the date of loss without taking the loss into
                        account, is greater than the estimate stated in the Schedule, then a
                        percentage contribution shall be applied, being the percentage the excess
                        amount bears to the estimate immediately prior to the date of loss. This
                        percentage contribution shall be applied to the amount of the Insured’s loss
                        of Gross Profit after the application of any excess and borne by the Insured


                                        36
                        and the Sum Insured shall be reduced by the same proportion. However, this
                        condition will only be applied if the percentage contribution is equal to or
                        exceeds thirty-five per cent (35%).
6.2.4   Flexible Limit of Loss – Loss of Gross Revenue
        (a)     Cover
                This Specification covers the Insured’s loss of Gross Revenue due to:
                (i)     reduction in Revenue; and
                (ii)    increase in cost of working.
                The amount payable under this Specification shall be:
                (1)     in respect of reduction in Revenue, the amount by which the Revenue during
                        the Indemnity Period shall, in consequence of the Damage, fall short of the
                        Standard Revenue;
                (2)     in respect of increase in cost of working, the additional expenditure
                        necessarily incurred for the sole purpose of avoiding or diminishing the
                        reduction in Revenue which but for that expenditure would have taken place
                        during the Indemnity Period in consequence of the Damage;
                less any sum saved during the Indemnity Period in respect of such expenses and/or
                working costs as may cease or be reduced in consequence of the Damage, subject
                to the amount payable not exceeding the Sum Insured stated in the Schedule.
        (b)     Conditions
                (i)     If during the Indemnity Period, Business is conducted elsewhere than at
                        Premises, the money paid or payable in respect of such Business shall be
                        taken into account in arriving at the Revenue during the Indemnity Period.
                (ii)    This Specification is subject to the condition of average, that is to say, if the
                        estimated annual Gross Revenue for the Period stated in the Schedule, when
                        estimated immediately prior to the date of loss without taking the loss into
                        account, is greater than the estimate stated in the Schedule, then a
                        percentage contribution shall be applied, being the percentage the excess
                        amount bears to the estimate immediately prior to the date of loss. This
                        percentage contribution shall be applied to the amount of the Insured’s loss
                        of Revenue after the application of any excess and borne by the Insured and
                        the Sum Insured shall be reduced by the same proportion. However, this
                        condition will only be applied if the percentage contribution is equal to or
                        exceeds thirty-five per cent (35%).
6.2.5   Loss of Gross Rentals
        (a)     Cover
                This Specification covers the Insured’s loss of gross rentals being losses comprising:
                (i)     loss of Rent Receivable;
                (ii)    increase in cost of working; and
                (iii)   re-letting costs.
                The amount payable under this Specification shall be:
                (1)     in respect of loss of Rent Receivable, the amount by which the Rent
                        Receivable during the Indemnity Period shall, in consequence of the
                        Damage, fall short of the Standard Rent Receivable;




                                            37
                (2)     in respect of increase in cost of working, the additional expenditure
                        necessarily incurred for the sole purpose of avoiding or diminishing the
                        reduction in Rent Receivable which but for that expenditure would have
                        taken place during the Indemnity Period in consequence of the Damage, but
                        not exceeding the amount of reduction thereby avoided;
                (3)     in respect of re-letting costs, the costs necessarily incurred during the
                        Indemnity Period in re-letting the Premises, including legal fees in
                        connection with the re-letting, but excluding any legal fees or other charges
                        associated with re-letting which are payable by the tenant under the new
                        lease agreement, solely in consequence of the Damage.
                Subject to the amount payable not exceeding the Sum Insured stated in the
                Schedule.
        (b)     Conditions
                (i)     If during the Indemnity Period, accommodation is provided or services
                        rendered elsewhere than at the Premises for the benefit of the Business
                        either by the Insured or by others on their behalf, the money paid or payable
                        in respect of such accommodation or services shall be taken into account in
                        assessing the gross rentals during the Indemnity Period.
                (ii)    This Specification is subject to the condition of average, that is to say, if the
                        estimated annual gross rentals for the period stated in the Schedule, when
                        estimated immediately prior to the date of loss without taking the loss into
                        account, is greater than the estimate stated in the Schedule, then a
                        percentage contribution shall be applied, being the percentage the excess
                        amount bears to the estimate immediately prior to the date of loss. This
                        percentage contribution shall be applied to the amount of the Insured’s loss
                        of gross rentals after the application of any excess and borne by the Insured
                        and the Sum Insured shall be reduced by the same proportion. However, this
                        condition will only be applied if the percentage contribution is equal to or
                        exceeds thirty-five per cent (35%).
                (iii)   If at the date of the Damage any Premises are subject to a rent free period
                        under the terms of the lease then the Indemnity Period stated in the
                        Schedule shall be adjusted by adding the unexpired portion of the rent free
                        period to the period shown in the Schedule.
6.2.6   Stand Alone Increased Cost of Working
        This Specification provides cover for the increased cost of continuing the Business during
        the Indemnity Period specified in the Schedule over and above the costs that would have
        been incurred during the same period had no Damage occurred. Such increased cost shall
        include but not be limited to the cost of moving to and from and the additional rent of
        temporary premises, additional rates and taxes on such premises and expenses incurred in
        equipping the said premises to make them suitable for the Business, additional cost in
        respect of additional staff and overtime and allowances for meals to existing staff incurred in
        order to minimise any interruption or interference with the Business during the Indemnity
        Period.
        Cover shall be limited to the increased cost which is necessarily incurred to maintain the
        Business as existing immediately before the Damage.
        The Insurer’s liability under this Specification shall not exceed:
        (a)     50% of the Sum Insured during the first three (3) months; nor
        (b)     a proportional share of the balance of the Sum Insured during each of the remaining
                months of the period shown in the Schedule as the Indemnity Period.




                                        38
                This Specification does not cover loss resulting from Damage to documents, manuscripts,
                business books, patterns, models, moulds, plans, designs and computer systems' records,
                unless specifically insured as a separate item.
      6.2.7     Additional Increased Cost of Working
                This Specification provides cover for the reasonable and necessary additional expenditure
                incurred during the Indemnity Period (over and above the amount of the increased cost of
                working under the Loss of Gross Profit, Loss of Gross Revenue or Loss of Gross Rentals
                Specifications) for the sole purpose of avoiding or diminishing a reduction in Turnover in
                consequence of the Damage.
      6.2.8     Book Debts
                This Specification provides cover for sums due to the Insured from customers where the
                Insured is unable to collect them as the direct result of Damage to records of outstanding
                debit balances.
                This Specification also provides cover for collection expenses in excess of normal collection
                costs made necessary because of the Damage as well as interest charges at ruling bank rates
                on any loan to offset impaired collections pending either, (as the case may be):
                (a)      repayment by the debtor of outstanding debit balances whose collection has been
                         necessarily delayed by such Damage; or
                (b)      payment of the loss by the Insurer.
                Where the Insured cannot accurately establish the total amount of debit balances
                outstanding as of the date of loss, such amount shall be computed as follows:
                (i)     determine the amount of all outstanding debit balances at the end of the same fiscal
                        month on the year immediately preceding the year in which the loss occurs;
                (ii)    calculate the percentage of increase or decrease in the average monthly total of debit
                        balances for the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the month in which the
                        loss occurs, as compared with such average for the same months of the preceding
                        year;
                (iii)   the amount of all outstanding debit balances at the end of the same fiscal month on
                        the year immediately preceding the year in which the loss occurs, increased or
                        decreased by the percentage of increase or decrease in the average monthly total of
                        debit balances for the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the month in which
                        the loss occurs, as compared with such average for the same months of the preceding
                        year, shall be the agreed total amount of debit balances as of the last day of the fiscal
                        month in which said loss occurs;
                (iv)    the amount determined under the foregoing paragraph, shall be increased or
                        decreased in conformity with the normal fluctuations in the amount of debit balances
                        during the fiscal month involved, due consideration being given to the experience of
                        the Business since the last day of the last fiscal month for which statement has been
                        rendered.
                There shall be deducted from the total amount of debit balances, however established, the
                amounts of such accounts evidenced by records not lost, destroyed or damaged or otherwise
                established or collected by the Insured and an amount to allow for probable bad debts which
                would normally have been uncollectible by the Insured. All unearned interest and service
                charges shall be deducted.
6.3   Specification Extensions
      The maximum amount payable under each of the following Specification Extensions is GBP 1,000,000
      or thirty per cent (30%) of the Sum Insured under Gross Profit, or Gross Revenue, or Gross Rentals, or
      Stand Alone Increased Cost of Working as stated in the Schedule, whichever is the lesser.



                                                 39
         The Indemnity Period under each of the following Specification Extensions shall be a maximum of
         three (3) months, unless otherwise stated in the Schedule or below.
6.3.1   Administrative Shutdown

        Notwithstanding the Communicable Disease exclusion, this Specification provides cover for loss
        resulting from interruption of or interference with the Business solely in consequence of:
          (i)      the manifestation by any person only whilst at the Premises of any of the following specified
                   human infectious or specified human contagious diseases
                  Acute Poliomyelitis
                  Anthrax
                  Botulism
                  Chicken Pox
                  Dysentery
                  Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, Hepatitis E
                  Legionellosis (Legionnaires Disease)
                  Listeriose
                  Malaria
                  Measles
                  Mumps
                  Paratyphoid fever
                  Rabies
                  Rubella
                  Salmonella Typhi / Paratyphi
                  STEC, VTECen (E.coli)
                  Tetanus
                  Tuberculosis
                  Typhoid Fever
                  Typhus abdominalis (Abdominal typhoid)
                  Whooping Cough
                  Yellow Fever

                  which results in the compulsory closing of the whole or part of the Premises by order of a
                  public authority authorised to prevent or restrict access to the Premises

         (ii)     murder or suicide at the Premises which results in the compulsory closing of the whole or part
         of the Premises by order of a public authority authorised to prevent or restrict access to the Premises.
         (iii)    the discovery of vermin or pests in the building(s) at the Premises that prevents the use of or
         part use of the building(s) at the Premises by order of the public authority
         (iv) the compulsory closing of the whole or part of the Premises by order of the public authority as a
         result of an accident causing a defect in the drains or other sanitary arrangements at the Premises.
         This cover excludes any costs incurred in the cleaning, repair, replacement, recall or checking of
         Premises or the Property Insured.



         6.3.2     Denial of Access
                   This Specification provides cover for loss caused by Damage to any property located within
                   a 5km radius of the Premises which shall physically prevent or hinder the use of the
                   Premises or access to or exit from it and which loss would be insured under any of the other
                   Business Interruption Specifications were it not solely for the fact that the Damage was to
                   property at a premises not covered by this policy.

                                                   40
        The Premises itself does not need to have suffered any actual Damage for the cover to
        operate but the Damage causing the loss has to be of a type which would be covered, having
        regard to all the terms, conditions and exclusions of this policy.
        This Specification shall be subject to a waiting period of twenty-four (24) hours.
6.3.3   Customers and Suppliers
        This Specification provides cover for loss resulting from Damage to property at any premises
        of the Insured's direct customers or direct suppliers premises and which would be insured
        under any of the other Business Interruption Specifications were it not solely for the fact that
        the Damage was to property at a premises not covered by this policy.
        This Specification only applies to loss at premises within the Territorial Limits and in the same
        country as the customer or supplier.
        This Specification shall be subject to a waiting period of twenty-four (24) hours.
6.3.4   Loss of Attraction
        This Specification provides cover for loss caused by Damage to any property within a 2 km
        radius of the Premises which would be insured under any of the other Business Interruption
        Specifications were it not solely for the fact that the Damage was to property at a premises
        not covered by this policy.
        The maximum number of days the Insurer will pay for is the number of consecutive days
        comprising the Indemnity Period as specified in the Schedule , provided that the Insurer
        shall in no case be liable for the first seven (7) days of any loss.
        The Insurer shall not be liable under this Specification for any loss covered by the Denial of
        Access Specification.
6.3.5   Public Utilities
        This Specification provides cover for the Insured’s loss resulting from lack of or failure in
        incoming electricity, gas, water, steam, refrigerant or other fuel or power from outside the
        Premises or from the failure of sewerage or telecommunication services and which would be
        insured under any of the other Business Interruption Specifications were it not solely for the
        fact that the service failure arose from Damage at a premises not covered by this policy.
        This Specification is limited to those supply premises where the service originates from
        within the Territorial Limits stated in the Schedule and in the same country as the affected
        Premises and does not apply to loss arising from Damage to lines, pipes and cables between
        the terminal point of the Insured's Premises and the originating premises of the supplier or
        to transmission, relay or routing equipment or the like, whether on land, in the sea, air or in
        space.
        The Insurer will not be liable if the partial or total interruption of the service lasts less than
        twenty-four (24) hours but if it lasts more than twenty-four (24) hours then the twenty-four
        (24) hours will not be deducted from the loss.
        The Insured must notify the service provider as soon as practicably possible in the event of a
        failure or partial failure of the service and comply with all the terms and conditions of the
        service contract, whether express or implied, at all times.
6.3.6   Bomb (Hoax or Actual)
        This specification provides cover for loss resulting from interruption to the Business caused
        by one of the following events following the suspected or actual presence of an explosive
        device within 5km of the Premises during the period of insurance:
        (b)      Evacuation
                 (i)    evacuation of the Premises by order of a Relevant Authority as a direct result
                        of suspected or actual presence of an explosive device; or



                                         41
                      (ii)    evacuation of the Premises triggered by the Insured in response to
                              suspected or actual presence of an explosive device, but only where such has
                              been reported and confirmed by a relevant authority within twenty four (24)
                              hours of the threat having first been made and where the local authority or
                              emergency service has confirmed that the threat is credible within seven (7)
                              days of receiving the threat notification.
              (c)     Emergency Lockdown
                      (i)     Emergency lockdown of the Premises by order of a local authority or
                              emergency service as a direct result of suspected or actual presence of an
                              explosive device; or
                      (ii)    emergency lockdown of a Premises triggered by the Insured in response to a
                              suspected or actual presence of an explosive device, but only where such has
                              been reported and confirmed in writing to the local authority or emergency
                              service within twenty four (24) hours of the threat having first been made and
                              where the local authority or emergency service has confirmed that the threat
                              is credible within seven (7) days of receiving the threat notification.
                      (iii)   For the purposes of this extension, the words ‘Relevant Authority’ mean the
                              present national or local authority, including any civil, law enforcement or
                              military authority.
                      (iv)    This Specification shall be subject to a waiting period of two (2) hours.
                      (v)     There shall be no cover under any other section of this policy in respect of
                              such losses.
                      (vi)    Losses caused by interruption to the Business as a result of damage caused
                              to the Premises by the explosive device (as opposed to its actual or suspected
                              presence) are excluded.
      6.3.7   Auditors Charges
              This Specification provides cover for necessary and customary charges payable by the
              Insured to their auditors or professional accountants for producing and certifying any
              particulars or details contained in the Insured's books of account or other Business books
              or documents or such other proofs, information or evidence as may be required by the
              Insurer in connection with a Claim under any of the other Business Interruption
              Specifications of this Section.
              The amount the Insurer will pay in respect of this Specification is included in the Sums
              Insured in respect of the other Business Interruption Specifications.
6.4   Conditions
      6.4.1   Adjustments
              In respect of the Rate of Gross Profit, Standard Rent Receivable, Standard Revenue and
              Standard Turnover, adjustments shall be made as may be necessary to provide for the trend
              of the Business (including seasonality) and for variations in or special circumstances
              affecting the Business either before or after the Damage, or other event as set out in each
              Business Interruption Specification or under any extension of this Section, so that the figures
              thus adjusted shall represent as nearly as may be practicable the results which but for the
              Damage, or other event, would have been obtained during the relative period after the
              Damage or other event.
      6.4.2   Alterations
              If during the Period of Insurance any alteration is made either in the business or in the
              Premises where the Insured conducts the Business or in property used in the Business and
              the risk of Damage is increased then it must be acknowledged by a properly signed
              endorsement to the policy. If it is not, then the following restrictions will apply.


                                              42
        (a)     If the alteration increased the likelihood of Damage happening and loss resulted
                from that alteration which falls under this Section, then no cover will be given under
                this Section in respect of such loss.
        (b)     If the alteration did not increase the likelihood of Damage happening but increased
                the likelihood of a greater loss under this Section following any Damage than would
                otherwise have been incurred, then the liability under this extension will be reduced
                to what it would have been if the alteration had not been made.
6.4.3   Diligence
        The Insured must do everything practical and in a positive and diligent manner to minimise
        any interruption of or interference with the Business and to avoid or diminish the loss.
        In the event of breach of this condition, the Insurer shall have no liability under this policy,
        unless the Insured can show that non-compliance with this condition could not have
        increased the risk of the loss that actually occurred in the circumstances in which it occurred.
6.4.4   Claim Notification
        In the event of Damage in consequence of which a Claim is or may be made under this
        Section, the Insured shall:
        (a)     notify the Insurer as soon as possible and at the latest within fourteen (14) days of
                the Damage;
        (b)     deliver to the Insurer at their own expense within seven (7) days of its happening full
                details of Damage caused by riot, civil commotion, strikers, locked out workers,
                persons taking part in labour disturbances or malicious persons;
        (c)     carry out and permit to be taken any action which may be practical to minimise or
                check any interruption of or interference with the Business or to avoid or diminish
                the loss;
        (d)     deliver to the Insurer within fourteen (14) days of loss details of Damage to records
                of outstanding debit balances owed to the Insured by the Insured's customers.
        The Insurer shall be entitled to refuse to pay any Claim under the Business Interruption
        Section in its entirety if the above requirements are not complied with.
        In the event of a Claim being made under this Section, the Insured, at their own expense,
        shall:
        (i)     not later than thirty (30) days after the expiry of the Indemnity Period or within such
                further time as the Insurer may allow, deliver to the Insurer in writing particulars of
                their Claim, together with details of all other insurances covering property used by
                the Insured at the Premises for the purpose of the Business or any part of it or any
                resulting loss;
        (ii)    deliver to the Insurer such books of account and other Business books, vouchers,
                invoices, balance sheets and other documents, proofs, information, explanation and
                other evidence as may be required by the Insurer for the purpose of investigating or
                verifying the Claim.
6.4.5   Winding Up
        This Section will automatically come to an end if the Business gets wound up or carried on
        by an administrator, liquidator or receiver or is permanently discontinued or the Insured
        enters into a scheme of arrangement with creditors or if the Insured's interest ceases.




                                        43
7   Liability Section
    7.1   Section Extensions
          All the Liability Sub-Sections are subject to the following extensions except where stated below.
          7.1.1     Automatic Acquisitions
                    The policy shall apply automatically to any entity acquired, established or created during the
                    Period of Insurance.
                    Provided always that:
                    (a)     the turnover of such entity is no more than ten per cent (10%) of the total turnover
                            of the Insured;
                    (b)     the Insured shall notify the Insurer in writing as soon as possible but no later than
                            ninety (90) days of such acquisition, establishment or creation;
                    (c)     the Insurer shall have the right to accept or refuse cover at the time of notification
                            and to alter the terms and conditions of this policy accordingly including the
                            charging of an additional premium;
                    (d)     the Insurer shall not be liable:
                            (i)      where the business of such entity differs from the Business;
                            (ii)     where cover is provided under any other insurance. This policy shall only
                                     apply in excess of such other insurance to the extent of such part of the Limit
                                     of Liability as exceeds the limit under the other insurance; and/or
                            (iii)    where the Insurer is not permitted by applicable law or regulation to
                                     provide that coverage and/or would become exposed to legal or regulatory
                                     sanction as a consequence of providing that coverage.
          7.1.2     Court Attendance Costs
                    The Insurer will reimburse the Insured's loss by paying a daily amount as stated below for
                    each day on which attendance is required in the event of any director, partner or Employee
                    attending court as a witness at the request of the Insurer in connection with a Claim which
                    is covered under this policy:
                    (a)     GBP 250 per day for each day attendance is required for any director or partner of
                            the Insured; and
                    (b)     GBP 100 per day for each day attendance is required for any Employee who is not a
                            director or partner.
          7.1.3     Cover for Others
                    Provided that such persons or parties observe, fulfil and are subject to the terms of this policy
                    as though they were the Insured, the cover granted under the Public Liability and Product
                    Liability Sub-Sections extends to:
                    (a)     Employees in their Business capacity for legal liabilities arising out of the
                            performance of the Business;
                    (b)     the officers, committees and members of the Insured's canteen, social, sports,
                            medical, fire fighting, security services and welfare organisations for legal liabilities
                            incurred in their respective capacity as such (but excluding medical practitioners
                            while working in a professional capacity);
                    (c)     any person or firm for legal liabilities arising out of the performance of a contract
                            with the Insured constituting the provision of labour only;
                    (d)     any principal for legal liabilities arising out of work carried out by the Insured under
                            a contract or agreement in respect of which the Insured would have been entitled
                            to cover under this policy if the Claim had been made against the Insured;

                                                    44
                (e)      the personal representatives of any person insured by reason of this Cover for Others
                         clause in respect of legal liability incurred by such person.
                Provided always that such persons or parties observe, fulfil and are subject to the terms of
                this policy as though they were the Insured, the cover granted under the Public Liability Sub-
                Section only also extends to Members for legal liability arising out of their activities as such.
      7.1.4     Criminal Proceedings Legal Defence Costs
                The Insurer will cover the Insured and, at the request of the Insured, any director or partner
                or Employee in respect of legal costs and expenses incurred with the Insurer’s prior written
                consent in the defence of any criminal proceedings brought or in an appeal against
                conviction arising from such proceedings in respect of:
                (a)      a breach of the Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974 or the Health and Safety at
                         Work (Northern Ireland) Order 1978, or any similar United Kingdom Health and
                         Safety legislation and regulation; or
                (b)      an alleged offence under the Corporate Manslaughter and Corporate Homicide Act
                         2007 or any subsequent amending legislation;
                provided that the proceedings relate to an offence alleged to have been committed during
                the Period of Insurance and in the course of the Business.
                The cover will not apply:
                (1)      to fines or penalties of any kind;
                (2)      to liability assumed under a contract or agreement which would not have attached
                         in the absence of such contract or agreement;
                (3)      to proceedings consequent upon any deliberate act or omission.
                The Insurer’s liability under this extension shall be limited to GBP 1,000,000 in the aggregate
                in any one Period of Insurance. This limit will form part of and not be in addition to the
                relevant Limit of Liability stated in the Schedule.
7.2   Section Exclusions
      All the Liability Sub-Sections are subject to the following exclusions except where stated below.
      This policy does not apply to or include cover for or arising out of or relating to:
      7.2.1     Known Prior Circumstances
                circumstances which the Insured or person insured knew or ought to have known was likely
                to give rise to a Claim prior to the inception date of this policy.
      7.2.2     Liquidated Damages
                liquidated damages clauses, penalty clauses, performance warranties or similar provision in
                a contract unless it is proven that liability would have attached in the absence of such
                clauses, warranties or similar provisions.
      7.2.3     Tobacco
                raw, dried or cured tobacco or tobacco which has been otherwise processed in any way,
                cigars, cigar wrappers, pipe tobacco, cigarette filter or filter materials, snuff, chewing
                tobacco, "smokeless" tobacco products, cigarettes and cigarette paper, tobacco smoke,
                gaseous or solid residues or by-products of tobacco, tips or filters, any chemical, mineral or
                other product sprayed on, applied to or found within or used in conjunction with any
                tobacco, smoking pipes, cigarette holders and any ingredients found within or used in
                conjunction with tobacco or any of its constituent parts (collectively “tobacco”).
                This exclusion shall not apply to liability arising from Injury or Damage by fire caused by lit
                tobacco.




                                                 45
      7.2.4     Data Protection
                compensation, damages, losses, costs, expenses, fines, penalties or any other sum arising
                out of breach of privacy rules or legislation including for example the Data Protection Act
                2018, whether the liability of the Insured arises directly or indirectly.
                This exclusion does not apply to the cover provided by Extensions 7.7.2 Data Protection Act
                2018.
7.3   Section Conditions
      All the Liability Sub-Sections are subject to the following conditions except where stated below.
      7.3.1     Assistance and Co-operation
                The Insured and any person insured must provide the Insurer with such information,
                assistance and co-operation as the Insurer and/or its representative may request. The
                Insurer shall be entitled to refuse to pay any Claim under this policy in its entirety if the
                Insured or any person insured fails to do so.
      7.3.2     Claim Notification
                The Insured must give to the Insurer notice as soon as possible in writing of:
                (a)      any Claim made against any Insured or any person insured which is likely to fall
                         within the scope of this Section;
                (b)      any circumstances of which the Insured or any person insured becomes aware
                         which are likely to give rise to such a Claim being made against the Insured.
                Where the Sub-Section Trigger is shown as Claims Made or Claims Made and Notified in the
                Schedule if a circumstance occurring subsequent to the Sub-Section Retroactive Date and
                before the expiry date of the policy is notified to the Insurer during the Period of Insurance
                and in accordance with this Condition, the Insurer will not deny any subsequent Claim
                arising out of that circumstance solely because the Claim was made after the expiry date of
                the policy.
                The Insurer shall be entitled to refuse to pay any Claim under the Liability Section in its
                entirety if such notice is not received.
      7.3.3     Documents Relevant to a Claim
                The Insured or any person insured must ensure that all documents relevant to any Claim and
                any circumstance which is likely to give rise to a Claim are kept and not destroyed or
                otherwise disposed of. The Insurer shall be entitled to refuse to pay any Claim under this
                policy in its entirety if the Insured or any person insured fails to comply with this obligation.
      7.3.4     Entitlement to Defend
                The Insurer is entitled, but not obliged, to take over and conduct in the name of the Insured
                or any person insured the defence or settlement of any Claim or to pursue in the name of the
                Insured or any person insured for its own benefit any Claim for reimbursement or damages
                or otherwise. The Insurer shall have full discretion in the conduct of any proceedings and in
                the settlement of any Claim.
      7.3.5     Limit of Liability
                (a)      Occurrence
                         The Insurer’s total liability to pay damages (including claimants' costs, fees and
                         expenses) shall not exceed the sum stated in the Schedule in respect of any one
                         Occurrence.




                                                46
        (b)      Occurrence Limit
                 For any Occurrence which involves liability under more than one Sub-Section, the
                 Insurer’s total liability in respect of that Occurrence:
                 (i)    shall not exceed the largest single Limit of Liability available under those
                        combined Sub-Sections; and
                 (ii)   shall not exceed, in respect of each Sub-Section involved, the Limit of Liability
                        available under that Sub-Section;
                 provided that the Limit of Liability under the Employers’ Liability Sub-Section shall
                 not be affected or eroded by loss under any other Sub-Section.
        (c)      Aggregate
                 Where an aggregate Limit of Liability is stated in the Schedule to apply, the Insurer’s
                 total liability in respect of the entire Period of Insurance shall not exceed the stated
                 aggregate Limit of Liability regardless of the number or severity of Occurrences or
                 Claims.
        (d)      Excess
                 No cover shall be granted under any liability Sub-Section for the amount of the
                 Excess stated in the Schedule in respect of the first amount of each Occurrence.
                 The Excess amount includes any Defence Costs. The Limits of Liability stated in the
                 Schedule are in excess of and not reduced by the amount of any Excess. Only the
                 largest Excess of the relevant Sub-Sections shall apply in the event of an Occurrence
                 involving liability under more than one Sub-Section.
        (e)      Contribution
                 If at the time of a Claim there is any other insurance effected by or on behalf of the
                 Insured covering the same risk or part thereof, the Insurer shall not be liable for
                 more than their rateable proportion thereof.
                 If any such other insurance is subject to any provision whereby it is excluded from
                 ranking concurrently with this policy, either in whole or in part or from contributing
                 rateably, the liability of the Insurer under this policy shall be limited to such
                 proportion of Claim as the cover under this policy bears to the total cover available
                 to the Insured.
7.3.6   Non-Admission of Liability
        No admission, offer, promise or payment is to be made or given by or on behalf of the Insured
        or any person insured without the written consent of the Insurer. The Insurer shall be
        entitled to refuse to pay any Claim under this policy in its entirety if any such admission, offer,
        promise or payment is made.
7.3.7   Payment in Full
        The Insurer may at any time pay to the Insured in connection with any Claim or series of
        Claims under this policy to which a Limit of Liability applies the amount of such Limit after
        deduction of any sums already paid or any lesser amount for which such Claims can be
        settled. Upon such payment being made the Insurer shall relinquish the conduct and control
        of and be under no further liability in connection with such Claims except for the payment of
        Defence Costs incurred prior to the date of such payment where such Defence Costs are
        stated as being payable in addition to the Limit of Liability.
7.3.8   United States of America and Canada Jurisdiction
        Where the Covered Jurisdiction applicable to any Sub-Section is shown in the Schedule as
        Worldwide then in respect of any judgment, award or settlement made within countries
        which operate under the laws of the United States of America or Canada or to any order made
        anywhere in the world to enforce such judgment, award or settlement either in whole or in
        part:

                                         47
(a)     the Sub-Section does not cover any liability:
        (i)      for and/or arising out of Pollution;
        (ii)     for the cost of removing, nullifying or cleaning-up seeping, polluting or
                 contaminating substances;
(b)     notwithstanding any provision to the contrary within this policy or anything stated
        on the Schedule, the Limits of Liability stated in the Schedule are inclusive of
        Defence Costs;
(c)     any dispute concerning the interpretation of the terms, conditions, limitations
        and/or exclusions contained herein is subject to the law and exclusive jurisdiction of
        England and Wales; and
(d)     the Insurer shall not be liable for the amount shown as the applicable Excess in the
        Schedule, being the first amount of each and every Claim. For the purpose of this
        condition “Claim” shall be deemed to include compensatory awards or damages,
        claimants’ costs, fees and expenses and associated Defence Costs.
This Section 7 shall not apply to nor insure against the loss of any Insured domiciled or
registered in the United States of America or Canada or any country which operates under
the laws of the United States of America or Canada, other than in respect of sales offices of
the Insured where prior agreement has been sought from the Insurer.




                               48
7A Public Liability Sub-Section
   7.4   Operative Clause
         The Insurer will cover the Insured for all sums they are legally liable to pay as damages (including
         claimants’ costs, fees and expenses) for Injury and/or Damage in the conduct of the Business, and
         arising from Claims made against them in the Covered Jurisdictions stated in the Schedule.
   7.5   Defence Costs
         The Insurer will also pay Defence Costs, provided that the Insurer shall not be liable for any fines or
         penalties imposed as a consequence of any Claim, suit or proceedings. Defence Costs will be payable
         in addition to or inclusive of the Limit of Liability, subject to what is stated in the Schedule. Where
         Defence Costs are payable in addition to the Limit of Liability, if the amount required in settlement of
         the third party Claim is greater than the Limit of Liability available in respect of such Claim, then the
         Insurer will not pay more than its corresponding proportional share of the associated Defence Costs.
   7.6   Trigger
         The Schedule indicates which of the Triggers set out below applies to this Sub-Section 7A.
         (a)       Incidents Occurring During

                   This Sub-Section applies only to Injury or Damage occurring during the Period of Insurance.
         (b)       Claims Made

                   This Sub-Section applies only to Claims first made against the Insured during the Period of
                   Insurance and notified in accordance with Condition 7.3.2 – Claim Notification arising from
                   any Injury and/or Damage occurring on or after the Retroactive Date specified in the Schedule
                   and before the expiry date of the policy.
         (c)       Claims Made and Notified

                   This Sub-Section applies only to Claims first made against the Insured and notified to the
                   Insurer during the Period of Insurance or within the number of days of the expiry date of the
                   policy stated in the Schedule and in accordance with Condition 7.3.2 - Claim Notification
                   arising from any Injury and/or Damage occurring on or after the Retroactive Date specified in
                   the Schedule and before the expiry date of the policy.
                   However, this Sub-Section does not apply to any Claim that is covered under any subsequent
                   insurance the Insured acquires, or would be covered but for the exhaustion of the Limit of
                   Liability applicable to such Claim.
   7.7   Extensions
         These extensions are subject otherwise to the terms, exclusions and conditions of the policy.
         7.7.1      Cross Liabilities
                    Each person or party specified as the Insured in the Schedule is separately covered in respect
                    of Claims made against any of them by any other such person or party subject to the
                    Insurer’s total liability not exceeding the stated Limits of Liability.
         7.7.2      Data Protection Act 2018
                    This Sub-Section extends to cover the Insured for legal liability in respect of any Claim for
                    compensation as a result of Injury and/or Damage under Section 168 of the Data Protection
                    Act 2018.

                    Cover in respect of such Claims shall be available only under the terms and conditions of this
                    extension and nowhere else in this policy.



                                                   49
        For the purposes of this extension non-material damage which is the subject of such Claim
        shall be considered as Injury and will be treated as having occurred when the claimant first
        had knowledge or alleges that they had knowledge of the event giving rise to that Injury.

        This extension applies where Claims are made against the Insured during the Period of
        Insurance arising from Injury and/or Damage occurring on or after the Retroactive Date if
        one is specified in the Schedule or the start date of the policy if there is no Retroactive Date
        and before the expiry date of the policy. If a circumstance occurring subsequent to the
        Retroactive Date and before the expiry date of the policy is notified to the Insurer in
        accordance with Condition 7.3.2 – Claim Notification, the Insurer will not deny any
        subsequent Claim arising out of that circumstance solely because the Claim was made after
        the expiry date of the policy.

        The Insurer’s liability under this extension shall be limited to GBP 50,000 any one
        Occurrence and in the aggregate, inclusive of Defence Costs, which shall be a part of and
        not in addition to the Limit of Liability stated in the Schedule.

        The Excess under this extension shall be 10% of each Claim subject to a minimum of GBP
        1,000 and shall be applicable to Defence Costs.

        Additional Exclusions

        The Insurer shall not provide cover:

        (a)     against liability caused by or arising from a deliberate act by or omission of any
                person entitled to insurance under this policy if the result could have been expected
                having regard to the nature and circumstances of such act or omission;

        (b)     for the costs of replacing, reinstating, rectifying or erasing any Personal Data, as
                defined in Data Protection Act 2018;

        (c)     against liability caused by or arising from the recording, processing or provision of
                data for reward or the determining of the financial status of a person; or

        (d)     against liability which attaches by virtue of a contract or agreement but which would
                not have attached in the absence of such contract or agreement.

        Fee Payment Condition

        The Insurer shall be entitled to refuse to pay any Claim under this extension in its entirety if
        the Insured has not paid any fees required to be paid by any data protection authority.

7.7.3   Overseas Personal Liability
        This Sub-Section shall extend to include the liability of any director, officer or Employee in
        their personal capacity whilst temporarily outside the United Kingdom for the purposes of
        the Business.
        Provided that the Insurer shall not cover such person in respect of:
        (a)     liability caused by or arising from the ownership or occupation of land or buildings;
        (b)     liability caused by or arising from the use of any motor vehicle.
7.7.4   Sudden Pollution




                                        50
                Exclusion 7.8.11 – Pollution shall not apply to Pollution which is the direct result of a sudden,
                identifiable, unintended and unexpected event occurring in its entirety at a specific time and
                place during the Period of Insurance.
                The Insurer shall be entitled to refuse to pay any Claim under this extension if Injury or
                Damage or the entire event giving rise to the Injury or Damage did not occur during the
                Period of Insurance.
                The Insured must take all practical precautions to prevent Pollution or the Insurer shall have
                no liability under this policy, unless the Insured can show that non-compliance with this
                condition could not have increased the risk of the loss that actually occurred in the
                circumstances in which it occurred.
                This extension does not apply to any judgment, award or settlement made within countries
                which operate under the laws of the United States of America or Canada or to any order made
                anywhere in the world to enforce such judgment, award or settlement either in whole or in
                part.
                This extension does not apply to or include legal liability arising directly or indirectly from
                Damage to premises presently or at any time previously owned or tenanted by the Insured
                or from Damage to land or water within the boundaries of or below any land or premises
                presently or at any time previously owned or leased by the Insured.
                The Insurer’s liability under this extension for all Occurrences combined throughout the
                Period of Insurance shall not exceed the sub-limit for Pollution Liability stated in the
                Schedule, which shall be a part of and not in addition to the Limit of Liability stated in the
                Schedule.
      7.7.5     Work Overseas
                The Insurer will cover the Insured under this Sub-Section for all sums they are legally liable
                to pay as damages (including claimants’ costs, fees and expenses) for Injury and/or Damage
                in the conduct of the Business outside the United Kingdom arising from the activities of:
                (a)       any person temporarily engaged by the Insured; and
                (b)       any person on a temporary visit;
                for the purpose of non-manual work anywhere else in the world.
                Provided that:
                (i)       such person is ordinarily resident within the United Kingdom;
                (ii)      the Insurer shall not provide cover in respect of any temporary visit to the United
                          States of America or any overseas territory or affiliated state of the United States of
                          America; and
7.8   Exclusions
      This Sub-Section does not apply to or include cover for loss, damage, liability, cost or expense arising
      out of or relating to:
      7.8.1     Abuse
                any act that results in the maltreatment of a person and which may be of, but not limited to,
                a physical, sexual, verbal, psychological or emotional or financial nature.
      7.8.2     Aircraft, Watercraft or Offshore Installations
                the ownership, possession or use by or on behalf of the Insured of any aircraft, spacecraft,
                hovercraft, offshore installation, rig, platform or watercraft (other than watercraft not
                exceeding 10 metres in length whilst on inland waterways).
      7.8.3     Airside




                                                 51
         any work undertaken in, on or within any aircraft, airport runway, taxiway, dispersal area,
         apron, hanger, cargo, transit or flight handling area, including open spaces between and/or
         other operational or manoeuvring area and including any flight control facilities, wherever
         situated unless notified and agreed by the Insurer prior to the work being undertaken.
7.8.4    Care, Custody or Control
         any Damage to property owned, leased to, hired by, under hire purchase to, on loan to, held
         in trust by or otherwise in the Insured's care, custody or control other than:
         (a)     clothing and personal effects of Employees and visitors;
         (b)     premises (including contents therein) temporarily occupied by the Insured for work
                 therein or thereon but no cover shall be granted for Damage to that part of the
                 property on which the Insured is or has been working and which arises out of such
                 work; or
         (c)     premises tenanted by the Insured but always excluding liability for Damage:
                 (i)      arising out of any perils which the tenancy agreement requires the Insured
                          to insure against;
                 (ii)     to any property which the tenancy agreement requires the Insured to
                          insure; or
                 (iii)    to any property which the tenancy agreement requires the Insured to be
                          responsible for;
         except if such Damage is the proven consequence of the Insured’s own negligence.
7.8.5    Contractual Liability
         the terms of any contract unless liability to the same extent would have existed in the
         absence of the contract.
7.8.6    Defective Premises Act
         any condition in the Insured’s premises subsequent to the disposal of such premises by the
         Insured, including liability which is established by application of Section 3 of the Defective
         Premises Act 1972 or Section 5 of the Defective Premises (Northern Ireland) Order 1975.
7.8.7    Deliberate or Reckless Failure to Avoid Injury or Damage
         any deliberate or reckless failure by any Insured Person to avoid Injury or Damage.
7.8.8    Housing Grants, Construction and Regeneration Act 1996
         any adjudication made under the Housing Grants, Construction and Regeneration Act 1996
         following a request for adjudication made by or to the Insured.
7.8.9    Injury to Employees
         any Injury to an Employee where such Injury arises out of and in the course of employment
         by the Insured or any liability arising out of any workers’ compensation or any similar
         legislation anywhere in the world.
7.8.10   Motor Vehicles
         the ownership, possession or use by or on behalf of the Insured or any person or party
         insured by this policy of any motor vehicle or trailer for which compulsory insurance or
         security is required by legislation or for which the government or other authority has
         accepted responsibility.
7.8.11   Pollution
         Pollution.
7.8.12   Products
         any Product.

                                        52
7.8.13   Professional Liability
         any breach of professional duty.




                                        53
7B Product Liability Sub-Section
   7.9    Operative Clause
          The Insurer will cover the Insured for all sums they are legally liable to pay as damages (including
          claimants’ costs, fees and expenses) for Injury and/or Damage caused by any Product and arising from
          Claims made against them in the Covered Jurisdictions stated in the Schedule.

   7.10   Defence Costs
          The Insurer will also pay Defence Costs, provided that the Insurer shall not be liable for any fines or
          penalties imposed as a consequence of any Claim, suit or proceedings. Defence Costs will be payable
          in addition to or inclusive of the Limit of Liability, subject to what is stated in the Schedule. Where
          Defence Costs are payable in addition to the Limit of Liability, if the amount required in settlement of
          the third party Claim is greater than the Limit of Liability available in respect of such Claim, then the
          Insurer will not pay more than its corresponding proportional share of the associated Defence Costs.

   7.11   Trigger
          The Schedule indicates which of the Triggers set out below applies to this Sub-Section.

          (a)       Incidents Occurring During

                    This Sub-Section applies only to Injury or Damage occurring during the Period of Insurance.

          (b)       Claims Made

                    This Sub-Section applies only to Claims first made against the Insured during the Period of
                    Insurance and in accordance with Condition 7.3.2 – Claim Notification arising from any Injury
                    and/or Damage occurring on or after the Retroactive Date specified in the Schedule and
                    before the expiry date of the policy.

          (c)       Claims Made and Notified

                    This Sub-Section applies only to Claims first made against the Insured and notified to the
                    Insurer during the Period of Insurance or within the number of days of the expiry date of the
                    policy stated in the Schedule and in accordance with Condition 7.3.2 – Claim Notification
                    arising from any Injury and/or Damage occurring on or after the Retroactive Date specified in
                    the Schedule and before the expiry date of the policy.

                    However, this Sub-Section does not apply to any Claim that is covered under any subsequent
                    insurance the Insured acquires, or would be covered but for the exhaustion of the Limit of
                    Liability applicable to such Claim.




                                                    54
7.12   Extensions
       These extensions are subject otherwise to the terms, exclusions and conditions of the policy.
       7.12.1    Consumer Protection and Food Safety Acts
                 The Insurer will cover the Insured against loss in respect of legal costs and expenses incurred
                 in the defence of any criminal proceedings for a breach of Part II of the Consumer Protection
                 Act 1987 or Part II of the Food Safety Act 1990 including such legal costs and expenses
                 incurred in an appeal against conviction arising from such proceedings and prosecution costs
                 awarded in connection therewith.
                 This extension applies where proceedings are first brought during the Period of Insurance
                 in respect of a breach or alleged breach occurring on or after the Retroactive Date specified
                 in the Schedule and before the expiry date of the policy.
                 Cover shall extend to the Insured and, at the request of the Insured, any director, partner or
                 Employee of the Insured.
                 The Insurer’s liability under this extension shall be limited to GBP 250,000 any one
                 Occurrence and in the aggregate which shall be a part of and not in addition to the Limit of
                 Liability stated in the Schedule.
                 Exclusions
                 This Extension does not apply to or include cover for or arising out of or relating to:
                 (a)     proceedings consequent upon a deliberate act by or omission of any person insured
                         under this Sub-Section if the result could have been expected having regard to the
                         nature and circumstances of such act or omission; or
                 (b)     proceedings which arise out of any activity or risk excluded from this Sub-Section.
                 Condition
                 The director, partner or Employee shall as though they were the Insured be subject to all the
                 terms and conditions of this policy insofar as they apply.
       7.12.2    Cross Liabilities
                 Each person or party specified as the Insured in the Schedule is separately covered under
                 this Sub-Section in respect of Claims made against any of them by any other such person or
                 party subject to the Insurer’s total liability not exceeding the stated Limit of Liability.
       7.12.3    Defective Premises Act
                 The Insurer will cover the Insured against loss in respect of their liability arising out of any
                 condition in the Insured’s premises subsequent to the disposal of such premises by the
                 Insured, including liability which is established by application of Section 3 of the Defective
                 Premises Act 1972 or Section 5 of the Defective Premises (Northern Ireland) Order 1975. Such
                 loss shall be treated as arising out of a Product for the purposes of this Sub-Section.
       7.12.4    Sudden Pollution
                 Exclusion 7.13.6 – Pollution shall not apply to Pollution which is the direct result of a sudden,
                 identifiable, unintended and unexpected event occurring in its entirety at a specific time and
                 place during the Period of Insurance.
                 The Insurer shall be entitled to refuse to pay any Claim under this extension if Injury or
                 Damage or the entire event giving rise to the Injury or Damage did not occur during the
                 Period of Insurance.
                 The Insured must take all practical precautions to prevent Pollution or the Insurer shall have
                 no liability under this policy, unless the Insured can show that non-compliance with this
                 condition could not have increased the risk of the loss that actually occurred in the
                 circumstances in which it occurred.



                                                 55
                 This extension does not apply to any judgment, award or settlement made within countries
                 which operate under the laws of the United States of America or Canada or to any order made
                 anywhere in the world to enforce such judgment, award or settlement either in whole or in
                 part.
                 This extension does not apply to or include legal liability arising directly or indirectly from
                 Damage to premises presently or at any time previously owned or tenanted by the Insured
                 or from Damage to land or water within the boundaries of or below any land or premises
                 presently or at any time previously owned or leased by the Insured.
                 The Insurer’s liability under this extension for all Occurrences combined throughout the
                 Period of Insurance shall not exceed the sub-limit for Pollution Liability stated in the
                 Schedule, which shall be a part of and not in addition to the Limit of Liability stated in the
                 Schedule.
7.13   Exclusions
       This Sub-Section does not apply to or include cover for or arising out of or relating to:
       7.13.1    Aircraft or Watercraft
                 any Product which with the Insured's knowledge is intended for incorporation into the
                 structure, machinery or controls of any aircraft, other aerial device, hovercraft or waterborne
                 craft.
       7.13.2    Care, Custody or Control
                 any Damage to property owned, leased to, hired by, under hire purchase to, on loan to, held
                 in trust by or otherwise in the Insured's care, custody or control other than:
                 (a)      clothing and personal effects of Employees and visitors;
                 (b)      premises (including contents therein) temporarily occupied by the Insured for work
                          therein or thereon but no cover shall be granted for Damage to that part of the
                          property on which the Insured is or has been working and which arises out of such
                          work; or
                 (c)      premises tenanted by the Insured but always excluding liability for Damage:
                          (i)      arising out of any perils which the tenancy agreement requires the Insured
                                   to insure against;
                          (ii)     to any property which the tenancy agreement requires the Insured to
                                   insure; or
                          (iii)    to any property which the tenancy agreement requires the Insured to be
                                   responsible for;
                          except if such Damage is the proven consequence of the Insured’s own negligence.
       7.13.3    Contracts or Agreements
                 any contract or agreement other than a warranty of fitness or quality of the Product
                 established or implied by virtue of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 or equivalent legislation or a
                 warranty that work done will be performed in a workmanlike manner.
                 This exclusion shall not apply to any contract or agreement:
                 (a)        where the liability of the Insured would have existed to the same extent in the
                            absence of such contract or agreement; or
                 (b)        where the Insurer has given its prior written approval to the extension of the
                            Insured’s liability, as defined by this Section, under the contract or agreement
                            beyond the extent which would have existed in the absence of such contract or
                            agreement.




                                                  56
7.13.4    Injury to Employees
          any Injury to an Employee where such Injury arises out of and in the course of employment
          by the Insured or any liability arising out of any workers’ compensation or any similar
          legislation anywhere in the world.
7.13.5    Motor Vehicles
          the ownership, possession or use by or on behalf of the Insured or any person or party
          insured by this policy of any motor vehicle or trailer for which compulsory insurance or
          security is required by legislation or for which the government or other authority has
          accepted responsibility.
7.13.6    Pollution
          Pollution.
7.13.7    Products
          any Damage to any Product;
7.13.8    Products Supplied Before Retroactive Date
          any Product which has left the custody or control of the Insured prior to the Retroactive
          Date, if any, stated in the Schedule.
7.13.9    Professional Liability
          any breach of professional duty.
7.13.10   Recall
          (a)          the recall of any Product or part thereof; or
          (b)          the recall of any product manufactured, distributed or handled by a customer of
                       the Insured of which the Product becomes an ingredient or a component part.
7.13.11   Repair or Replacement
          any costs and/or expenses incurred in the repair, reconditioning or replacement of any
          Product or part thereof which is or is alleged to be defective.




                                            57
7C Employers’ Liability Sub-Section
   7.14   Operative Clause
          The Insurer will cover the Insured for all sums they are legally liable to pay as damages (including
          claimants’ costs, fees and expenses) for Injury to any Employee arising out of and in the course of that
          person’s employment by the Insured in the Business, and arising from Claims made against them in
          the Covered Jurisdictions stated in the Schedule, subject to all the terms and conditions of this policy.
          The cover granted applies only to such liability:
                    (a)        United Kingdom
                    as is compulsorily insurable under the Employers’ Liability (Compulsory Insurance) Act 1969
                    as amended and any corresponding legislation applicable in Northern Ireland, the Isle of
                    Man, the Island of Guernsey, the Island of Jersey and the Island of Alderney, except as
                    specially extended by this Sub-Section. Where the Policy Exclusions and Policy Conditions
                    would operate to provide less cover than is compulsory under the above Act, then this Sub-
                    Section is deemed to be extended to provide the cover compulsorily insurable subject always
                    to the Limit of Liability stated in the Schedule.
                    (b)        Work Overseas
                    as would otherwise be covered under the United Kingdom section above but for Injury
                    caused to an Employee whilst temporarily engaged in non-manual work anywhere else in
                    the world.
                    Provided that:
                    (i)      such Employee is ordinarily resident within the United Kingdom;
                    (ii)     the Insurer shall not provide cover in respect of any amount payable under
                             Workmen's Compensation, Social Security or Health Insurance legislation; and
                    (iii)    such temporary work does not exceed six (6) consecutive months in duration.
   7.15   Defence Costs
          The Insurer will also pay Defence Costs, provided that the Insurer shall not be liable for any fines or
          penalties imposed as a consequence of any Claim, suit or proceedings. Defence Costs will be payable
          in addition to or inclusive of the Limit of Liability as stated in the Schedule. Where Defence Costs are
          payable in addition to the Limit of Liability, if the amount required in settlement of the third party Claim
          is greater than the Limit of Liability available in respect of such Claim, then the Insurer will not pay
          more than its corresponding proportional share of the associated Defence Costs.
   7.16   Trigger
          This Sub-Section applies where Injury is caused during the Period of Insurance. In the case of an
          accident or exposure to harmful conditions manifesting itself as Injury after the Employee has left the
          employ of the Insured, this policy will apply, subject to all the terms and conditions of this policy, to
          such Injury regardless of whether this policy is still in force at the time of such manifestation.
   7.17   Extensions
          These extensions are subject otherwise to the terms, exclusions and conditions of the policy.
          7.17.1    Cover for Principals
                    To the extent that any contract or agreement entered into by the Insured with any principal
                    so requires, the Insurer will, at the request of the Insured:
                    (a)      cover the Insured against loss in respect of liability assumed by the Insured;
                    (b)      cover the loss of the principal in like manner to the Insured in respect of the liability
                             of the principal;
                    arising out of the performance by the Insured of such contract or agreement.

                                                     58
         Provided always that:

         (i)     the conduct and control of Claims is vested in the Insurer;
         (ii)    the principal shall observe fulfil and be subject to all the terms and conditions of this
                 policy.
         Cover for any principal shall only apply in respect of liability for which the Insured would
         have been entitled to cover if the Claim had been made directly against the Insured.
         For purposes of this extension the term principal shall include any partner, co-venturer,
         subsidiary or affiliated or parent company to the principal but only to the extent that the
         contract between the principal and the Insured requires these additional parties to be
         covered in a like manner to the Insured.
7.17.2   Terrorism
         This Sub-Section will apply, subject to all its terms and conditions, to liability arising from
         Terrorism to the extent that cover is required in accordance with the provisions of any law
         relating to compulsory insurance of liability to Employees in the United Kingdom, and
         subject to the sub-limit of liability specified in the Schedule.
7.17.3   Asbestos
         This Sub-Section will apply, subject to all its terms and conditions, to liability arising from
         asbestos or materials or products containing asbestos to the extent that cover is required in
         accordance with the provisions of any law relating to compulsory insurance of liability to
         Employees in the United Kingdom, and subject to the sub-limit of liability specified in the
         Schedule.
7.17.4   Cyber
         This Sub-Section will apply, subject to all its terms and conditions, to liability arising from
         electronic means (including but not limited to failure or impairment of any computer or other
         electronic device, computer hacking or the introduction of any form of computer virus or
         corrupting or unauthorised instructions or code or the use of any electromagnetic weapon)
         to the extent that cover is required in accordance with the provisions of any law relating to
         compulsory insurance of liability to Employees in the United Kingdom.
7.17.5   Unsatisfied Court Judgements
         Where a Judgement for damages has been obtained by any Employee or the legal personal
         representatives of any Employee:
         (a)     in respect of Injury sustained by the Employee arising out of and in the course of
                 employment by the Insured in the Business during the Period of Insurance; or
         (b)     against any company or individual, other than the Insured, operating from or
                 resident in premises within the United Kingdom; and
         (c)     such Judgement remains unsatisfied in whole or in part six (6) months after the date
                 of judgement;
         then at the request of the Insured the Insurer will pay to the Employee or the said legal
         personal representatives the amount of any such damages and any awarded costs to the
         extent that they remain unsatisfied.
         Provided that:
         (i)     there is no appeal outstanding;
         (ii)    if any payment is made by the Insurer the Employee or the said legal personal
                 representatives shall assign the Judgement to the Insurer;
         (iii)   the legal proceedings (in which the Judgement was obtained) were commenced
                 during the Period of Insurance in order to receive such damages;


                                         59
                 (iv)      the Insurer would have covered the Insured’s liability if the Claim had been made
                           under this Section;
                 (v)       the Insured notified the Insurer that the Employee intends to commence
                           proceedings and the Insurer agrees to provide cover in respect of those
                           proceedings;
                 (vi)      the Judgement is made by any Court of Law in the United Kingdom or the European
                           Union; and
                 (vii)     the liability of the Insurer for damages costs and expenses shall not exceed the
                           amount stated as the Limit of Liability in the Schedule
                 (viii)    if the Employee receives any damages or costs after the Insurer has paid for them,
                           the Employee must return the amount to the Insurer.
7.18   Exclusions
       This Sub-Section does not apply to or include cover for or arising out of or relating to:

       7.18.1    Airside
                 any work undertaken in, on or within any aircraft, aerospace system or airport.
       7.18.2    Offshore
                 any work on and/or visits to any offshore rig and/or installation and/or platform from the
                 time of embarkation onto a conveyance at the point of final departure to such offshore rig
                 and/or installation and/or platform until disembarkation from the conveyance from such
                 offshore rig and/or installation and/or platform.
       7.18.3    Road Traffic Act
                 legal liability in respect of which compulsory insurance or security is required to be arranged
                 under the Road Traffic Act 1988 or the Road Traffic (Northern Ireland) Order 1981 or any
                 subsequent legislation amending or replacing such Act or Order.
7.19   Condition
       7.19.1    Employers’ Liability Tracing Office Notice
                 Certain information relating to this Sub-Section, namely:
                 (a)       the Policy Number;
                 (b)       employers’ names and addresses, including subsidiaries and any relevant changes
                           of name;
                 (c)       coverage dates and;
                 (d)       if relevant, the employer’s reference numbers provided by Her Majesty’s Revenue
                           and Customs and Companies House Reference Numbers;
                 will be provided to the Employers’ Liability Tracing Office, (the “ELTO”) and added to the
                 Employers’ Liability Database (ELD).
                 It is understood by the Insured that the above named information provided to the Insurer
                 will be processed by the Insurer for the purpose of providing the ELD, in compliance with the
                 provisions of the Employers’ Liability Insurance: Disclosure by Insurers Instrument 2010.
                 The ELTO may provide such information to third parties to assist individuals with claims
                 arising out of their course of employment in the United Kingdom for employers carrying
                 on, or who carried on, business in the United Kingdom, to identify an insurer or insurers
                 that provided employers’ liability insurance.




                                                  60
                                                                                                   axaxl.com




XL Catlin Insurance Company UK Limited
20 Gracechurch Street, London, EC3V 0BG, United Kingdom

Telephone: +44 (0)20 7626 0486 Fax: +44 (0)20 7623 9101 axaxl.com


XL Catlin Insurance Company UK Limited| Registered office: 20 Gracechurch Street, London, EC3V 0BG Registered in England No 5328622
XL Catlin Insurance Company UK Limited is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
