ENTERTAINMENT
COMBINED
POLICY WORDING




Entertainment Combined Property Policy   Page 1 of 110
 CONTENTS


CONTENTS ............................................................................................................................................................................................. 2
ABOUT THIS POLICY ......................................................................................................................................................................... 3
DEFINITIONS ......................................................................................................................................................................................... 4
MAKING AND DEALING WITH A CLAIM ............................................................................................................................... 10
CANCELLATION SECTION .......................................................................................................................................................... 13
YOUR DUTIES...................................................................................................................................................................................... 14
SECTION 1 – MATERIAL DAMAGE ........................................................................................................................................... 18
SECTION 2 - BUSINESS INTERRUPTION ................................................................................................................................. 44
SECTION 3 – TERRORISM ............................................................................................................................................................. 58
SECTION 4 –MONEY ....................................................................................................................................................................... 64
SECTION 5 – EMPLOYER’S LIABILITY ..................................................................................................................................... 73
SECTION 6 – PUBLIC AND PRODUCTS LIABILITY ............................................................................................................. 79
GENERAL EXCLUSIONS (applicable to all sections) ....................................................................................................... 98
GENERAL CONDITIONS (applicable to all sections) .................................................................................................... 103
SANCTIONS NOTICE .................................................................................................................................................................... 108
DATA PROTECTION NOTICE.................................................................................................................................................... 108
COMPLAINTS PROCEDURE ....................................................................................................................................................... 109
FOS               110
COMPANY INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................................................ 110




    Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 110
ABOUT THIS POLICY
This is your Entertainment Combined Policy, which sets out the insurance cover you have requested and which we have agreed to provide.

Insuring Agreement
In return for you paying the premium shown in the Schedule and any applicable excess, we will provide the cover given in this Policy subject to all limits, terms,
conditions, notices and exclusions of this Policy.

Law & Jurisdiction
Unless otherwise shown in the Schedule, this Policy is subject to the law of England and Wales and to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.

Policy Interpretation
In this Policy:
       (a)    a reference to any regulation or statutory provision will include reference to that provision as:
                      (i) amended, re-enacted or replaced from time to time; or
                      (ii) any equivalent legislation to the same general intent and effect in any other jurisdiction,
       (b)    if any term, condition, exclusion or endorsement or part of this policy is found to be invalid or unenforceable, then the remainder will be in full force
              and effect,
       (c)    any reference to the singular will include reference to the plural, and any reference to the plural shall include the singular,
       (d)    the word ‘person’ refers to any entity or natural person unless otherwise specified by the policy,
       (e)    where consent by us is required, such consent will not be unreasonably delayed or withheld,
       (f)    headings are for information purposes only and are not to be construed as part of the policy.

Please contact your insurance broker as soon as possible if:
       (a)    anything needs changing, or
       (b)    you have any questions in relation this policy.
Signed on behalf of Liberty Mutual Insurance Europe SE (UK Branch)


                                                    Pierre-Edouard Fraigneau
                                                    Chief Underwriting Officer,
                                                    Liberty Mutual Insurance Europe SE

  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                     Page 3 of 110
DEFINITIONS
This section contains words with a special meaning listed in alphabetical order. Where the defined words appear in bold anywhere in the policy, they will have the
same meaning as defined below.

Ancillary Equipment
Air conditioning equipment, voltage regulating equipment, generating equipment, heat and smoke detection equipment, gas flooding cylinders, pipework and computer
room partitioning equipment solely for use with computer equipment.

Buildings
The buildings of the premises including:
      (a) landlord’s fixtures and fittings, fixed glass and sanitary ware;
      (b) foundations, walls, gates, and fences around and forming part of the premises;
      (c) outbuildings, annexes, gangways, conveniences, steel shipping containers and other structure;
      (d) extensions to the buildings;
      (e) buildings management and security systems;
      (f) fuel tanks, piping, ducting, cables, wires, and associated control gear, and accessories on the premises extending to the public mains but only to the
          extent they are your responsibility;
      (g) yards, car parks, roads, and pavements which partly or wholly serve to supply the premises;
      (h) wind turbines and solar panels attached to the buildings; and
      (i) landscaping and recreational features including ornaments, statues, and fixed signs but excluding neon or illuminated signs.

Business
Your business as shown in the Schedule but including:
      (a) the ownership, including repair, maintenance, or use, of premises;
      (b) the provision and management of canteen, social, sports, and welfare organisations, for the benefit of your employees;
      (c) the provision and management of security, fire, first aid, and ambulance services for the benefit of your employees;
      (d) private manual work, carried out within the geographical limits with your consent, for any of your directors, partners, or senior officials, by any
          employee;
      (e) the organisation of, or attendance at, trade fairs, exhibitions, and conferences within the geographical limits;
      (f) the repair or servicing of vehicles owned by, or leased, hired, or on loan, to you;
      (g) the training or retraining of any employee at Government or other training centres;
      (h) the organisation of or participation by you in fund raising or other charitable events;
      (i) the provision of nursery, creche or child care facilities where incidental to the business; and
      (j) the provision of car parking for the benefit of employees, customers and visitors

  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                Page 4 of 110
                                                                                                                                                                 Definitions
Computer Equipment
Any computer, hardware, software, communications system, electronic device, or any configuration of which, that processes, stores, transmits, or receives data.
Computer equipment will also include any associated input, output, data storage media, interconnecting wiring, networking equipment or back up facility which is:
      (a) owned by you; or
      (b) leased or rented by you;
and for which you are legally responsible.
For the sake of clarity computer equipment does not include portable computer equipment.

Computer Virus
A piece of code that is designed to corrupt and which has the effect of corrupting and may destroy, alter, contaminate, or degrade the integrity, quality, or performance
of data or any computer application, software computer network, or computer operating system and related software.

Contents
Machinery, plant and all other contents belonging to you or held in trust by you or for which you are responsible whilst at the premises, including:
      (a) contents in open yards;
      (b) money for an amount not exceeding GBP 1,000 unless Section 4 Money is shown as covered in the Schedule;
      (c) deeds, documents, manuscripts and business books, but only for the cost of the materials and works required in reproducing such records;
      (d) rare books or works of art not exceeding GBP 5,000 any one article or GBP 10,000;
      (e) tobacco, wines and spirits held for business entertainment purposes not exceeding GBP 1,000;
      (f) the contents of fuel tanks at the premises GBP 2,000;
      (g) directors', partners' and employees' personal effects of every description but excluding motor vehicles for an amount not exceeding GBP 1,000 any one
          person;
      (h) computer equipment including media for its value as materials, but not the programs or data other than the repurchase or relicensing costs of
          proprietary software and ancillary equipment.
For the sake of clarity contents does not include landlord's fixtures and fittings, stock, entertainment equipment and other property specifically shown in the Schedule.

Damage
Direct physical loss, physical damage or destruction to tangible property, which is both sudden and accidental. Damaged will have the equivalent meaning.

Defined Peril
Fire, lightning, explosion, aircraft or other aerial devices or articles dropped from them, riot, civil commotion, strikers, locked-out workers, persons taking part in labour
disturbances, malicious persons other than thieves, earthquake, storm, flood, escape of water from any tank apparatus or pipe or impact by any road vehicle or animal.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                         Page 5 of 110
                                                                                                                                                            Definitions
Data
Information, facts, concepts, code or any other information of any kind that is recorded or transmitted in a form to be used, accessed, processed, transmitted or stored
by computer equipment owned leased or rented by the you or for which you are legally responsible.

Entertainment Equipment
Equipment used in connection with your business, including but not limited to: audio and visual recording, broadcasting and editing equipment, ancillary equipment,
musical instruments, sound and lighting equipment, props, set, wardrobe, tools and items of plant, owned by or on hire purchase or lease to or hired in, by or on loan
to you, or held in trust by you and for which you are responsible.

Excess
The first part of each claim, for which you are responsible.

EU/European Union
Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Estonia, Greece, Hungary, the Republic of Ireland, Latvia, Malta, Slovakia, Slovenia, Luxemburg, Sweden, Austria, Germany,
Belgium, Finland, Denmark, Netherlands, Italy, Spain, France, Lithuania, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Cyprus.

Event Location
A location or venue being used for an event within the geographical limits.

Geographical Limits
For all Sections except Section 3, 5 and 6., the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, including the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man.

Limit of Cover
   1. The most we will pay, in respect of each Section or Extension as described under each Section or Extension unless shown as otherwise in the Schedule.
   2. Limits which are described as ‘Per occurrence’ is the maximum amount we will pay in respect of a single occurrence, regardless of the number of premises
        or locations affected.
   3. Where a limit is ‘in the aggregate’ this is the maximum amount we will pay in respect of claims under a particular Section or Extension or Endorsement during
        the policy period. This is regardless of the number of claims, premises or occurrences.

Media
Solely the materials on which data and programs can be stored but not the data or programs themselves.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                   Page 6 of 110
                                                                                                                                                               Definitions
Occurrence
Any one loss or series of losses resulting from one source or original cause.
    1. Where any loss or damage to property insured directly caused by:
            (a) earthquake,
            (b) storm,
            (c) terrorism,
            (d) flood,
            (e) escape of water from water tanks or apparatus or pipes, or
            (f) riot or civil commotion,
         then the loss or damage arising during a period of 72 consecutive hours will be considered a single occurrence, and to which the excess will be applied.
    2. If the duration of the loss or damage from the stated perils, extends to beyond 72 consecutive hours, then you may decide to claim for two 72 periods, that is,
       two occurrences with a separate excess applying to each occurrence.

    3. You may choose the date and time when any such period of 72 hours will begin provided that:
            (a)   we will not pay for any loss arising from damage occurring before the effective date and time of this Policy or for any occurring after the expiration
                  date of this Policy; and
            (b)   no two 72 hour periods overlap and
            (c)   no period begins earlier than the date and time of the happening of the first recorded individual loss to you as a result of the above perils.

Policy Period
The period from the Effective Date to the Expiry Date as shown in the Schedule.

Portable Computer Equipment
Equipment used for the electronic processing, communication and storage of data that is designed to be carried on or by a person, consisting of
   (a)   laptops, palmtops, notebooks and tablet personal computers;
   (b)   personal digital assistants and smartphones;
   (c)   removable vehicle satellite navigation systems and digital cameras;
   (d)   printers, projectors, broadband modems and other devices which connect to other portable computer equipment; and
   (e)   extending to include any necessary repurchase or relicensing costs of proprietary software (where the value is included within the limit of cover).

Portable computer equipment is limited to property belonging to you or leased, hired, rented, or licensed or on deferred purchase to you.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                     Page 7 of 110
                                                                                                                                                             Definitions
Policy Limit of Cover
The maximum amount we will pay in respect of a single occurrence in total across all Sections of this Policy. Such limit will only apply if shown in the Schedule of this
Policy.

Premises
The premises as shown in the Schedule, including secure cash collection cabins in the site production areas with no public access at covered event locations.

Professional Fees
Architects’, surveyors’, consulting engineers’, legal and other fees necessarily incurred in the reinstatement of the property insured but not for preparing any claim.

Programs
A sequence of instructions given to a computer which are either purchased or written on a custom basis owned leased or rented by you or for which they are legally
responsible.

Property Insured
The items of property listed in the Schedule comprising of building, entertainment equipment, portable computer equipment, contents and stock, owned or used
by you for the purpose of the business.
Reinstatement:
    1. The rebuilding or replacement of property which may be carried out:
          (a) in any manner suitable to your requirements;
          (b) on another site.
       Or,
    2. the repair or restoration of the property damaged.
In both cases, reinstatement will result in the buildings being returned to a condition which is substantially the same as but not better or more extensive than its
condition when new.

Rent Payable
Rent payable by you.

Stock
The stock and materials in trade, including work in progress, at the premises, your property, or held in trust by you, or on commission, for which you are responsible
or wish to assume responsibility.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                    Page 8 of 110
                                                                                                                                                             Definitions

Terrorism
Any action, threat of action, or attempt at action, by any individual(s) or group(s) of individuals or body or organisation(s), whether acting alone, on behalf of, or in
concert with any other body, organisation, or government, where such action, threat, or attempt is designed to influence, intimidate, or coerce, any government or
international governmental organisation or the population or any section of the population, or any community, and the action, threat, or attempt, is made for the purpose
of advancing a political, religious, or ideological cause.

Transit
In transit by road, rail, or inland waterway, between any addresses within the geographical limits including any loading and unloading and whilst what is in transit is
temporarily housed.
Unoccupied
Closed for business or not occupied for its usual business purposes or not physically visited or inspected within a period of 30 consecutive days.

Working Hours
The whole period during which the vehicle is being used by its driver in connection with your business including travel to and from the place of work and any break
in such journey but will not include when the vehicle is parked for any overnight rest period.

You/Your
The party stated as covered shown in the Schedule.

We/Us/Our/
Liberty Mutual Insurance Europe SE, UK Branch and other insurers shown in the Schedule.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                    Page 9 of 110
MAKING AND DEALING WITH A CLAIM
Notification
These claims notification conditions apply to the whole policy, you must make sure to read each Section of cover for information on how a claim will be settled for that
Section.
In the event of learning of any circumstance which is likely to give rise to a claim under this section you must:
    (a) notify your insurance broker as soon as reasonably possible;
    (b) the police as soon as reasonably possible and acquire a crime reference number if the loss or damage has been caused by:
             (i) theft,
            (ii) malicious persons,
           (iii) riot,
           (iv) civil commotion, or
            (v) labour disturbances.
Following your notification to us, you must:
    (a) provide all information that we request from you as soon as reasonably possible and cooperate fully with our investigation of a claim;
    (b) co-operate fully at all times with any lawyers and/or other advisers we appoint for the handling of a claim;
    (c) allow us to enter and inspect your premises;
    (d) not make or allow to be made on your behalf any admission offer or promise of payment without our written consent;
    (e) take all reasonable steps to recover property lost and otherwise minimise the claim; and
    (f) notify as soon as possible, the carrier of loss or damage in transit and try to obtain a written acknowledgement.
We are entitled, but not obliged, to take over and deal with, in your name, the defence or settlement of any claim.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                  Page 10 of 110
                                                                                                                                   Making and Dealing with a Claim
Section 2 Business Interruption
In the event of learning of any circumstance which is likely to give rise to a claim under this section you must, at your own expense: make all reasonable efforts to
and no later than 30 days after the expiry of the indemnity period:
    (a) provide details of the claim and any other applicable insurances;
    (b) provide to the insurance broker or, if the insurance broker or we require, any books of account, information or other evidence as may reasonably be required.
In the following cases, you must notify us within 48 hours and give us all the assistance that may reasonably be required, as soon as you learn of:
    (a) any complaint against the premises or its control;
    (b) if an application for renewal is to be opposed or that its consideration is adjourned or referred to the compensation authority or structural alterations are
        required;
    (c) proceedings against or conviction of the designated premises supervisor, manager, tenant or occupier of the premises for any matter whereby the character
        or reputation of the person concerned is affected or called in question with regard to their honesty, moral standing or sobriety;
    (d) change in tenancy or management of the premises;
    (e) alteration in the purpose for which the premises are used.

Section 5 Employer’s Liability, Section 6 Public and Products Liability
In the event of learning of any circumstance which is likely to give rise to a claim under this section you must:
    (a) forward to us every letter, claim, writ, summons and process immediately once received without acknowledgement; and
    (b) advise us in writing as soon as reasonably possible if you have knowledge of any pending prosecution inquest fatal accident or ministry inquiry
Regardless of whether or not we take over the defence or settlement of any claim, we will have the right at any time to negotiate with any claimant.
In the event that we are able to settle the claim but you wish to continue to defend it, you must:
    (a) accept as full and final discharge of all our liability under this policy (whether then known or unknown) payment to you of the amount we could have paid the
        claimant to settle the claim; and
    (b) any legal and associated costs for which we are already liable at that point.

Our Rights Following a Claim
In the event of a loss for which a claim is made, we and any person authorised by us may, for the purpose of investigation and/or settlement of the claim, without
incurring any liability or changing any of our rights under this Policy:
    (a) enter, take, or keep possession of the premises where such loss has occurred;
    (b) take possession of, or require to be delivered to us, any property insured for which loss has been paid or agreed to be paid; and
    (c) deal with such property for all reasonable purposes and in any reasonable manner.
If you fail to cooperate with us or purposefully avoid or refuse to cooperate with us then we will have the right to deny payment of a claim.
No property may be abandoned to us regardless of whether taken possession of by us or not.


Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                 Page 11 of 110
                                                                                                                                    Making and Dealing with a Claim
Other Insurances and Contribution
    1. If at the time of a loss covered under this policy, there is another insurance policy or policies which also provide cover for that loss then the amount we will
       pay for that loss will be limited to its rateable proportion of such loss.
        For example: if the first insurance covers GBP 10,000 for a claim and the second insurance covers GBP 20,000, the first insurer will be pay for 1/3 of the loss
        and the second will pay for 2/3 of the loss.
    2. If the loss covered under another insurance policy is subject to a condition of average, but the loss under this policy is not, the same condition of average will
       be applied to this policy.
    3. If the loss covered by another insurance policy is subject to an exclusion which limits or prohibits the other policy from contributing to the loss on the same
       terms as this policy, then, the most we will pay will be limited to a proportion of the loss. This proportion will be the percentage as the limit of cover compared
       to the total value of the property suffering the loss.
Subrogation
We are entitled to:
    (a) take the benefit of your rights against another person prior to or after we have paid a claim
    (b) take over the defence or settlement of a claim against you by another person
    (c) take steps as we deem necessary to prevent, mitigate or minimise a loss,
    (d) take over and conduct the defence or settlement of claims made against a person insured that is covered under this policy, and
    (e) pursue any rights or remedies available to you whether or not payment has been made.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                    Page 12 of 110
CANCELLATION SECTION
Your Cancellation Rights

You can cancel the Policy at any time and may be due the following refunds:
    1) If you cancel within the first 14 days after the later of the date you receive the Policy or the start of the policy period. If no claim has been made, we will
       provide a full refund of any premium you have paid. If a claim has been made, then the full annual premium is due.
    2) If you cancel after the first 14 days as outlined in 1 above. If no claim has been made, we will provide a pro-rata refund of premium. This means you will only
       pay for the number of days you were covered. If a claim has been made, then the full annual premium is due.


Our Cancellation Rights

We can cancel the policy at any time by giving you 14 days’ notice in writing.

We will only do this for a valid reason, for example:
    1) If you fail to pay the premium within the agreed timescale
    2) a change in risk which means that we can no longer provide you with insurance cover;
    3) non-cooperation or failure to supply any information or documentation we request
    4) threatening or abusive behaviour or the use of threatening or abusive language to one of our staff, agents or suppliers; or
    5) the outcome of a survey requires you to carry out risk improvements and you refuse to carry out such improvements as required by us.

If this insurance is cancelled, you will be charged on a pro-rata basis. This means you will only pay for the number of days you were covered. For example, if your
policy period is 12 months and you have been covered for six (6) months, the deduction for the time you have been covered will be half the annual premium.

If a claim has been made, then the full annual premium is due.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                Page 13 of 110
YOUR DUTIES
The conditions contained under this Section lists the responsibilities you must fulfil at all times during the policy period to reduce the risk of a claim.
If you fail to fulfil these responsibilities during the policy period, we will suspend the Policy for the time period in which you fail to comply with the condition. We will
not pay you for a loss which occurs during the period when the Policy is suspended.
If we decline a claim during the period of suspension and you disagree with our position, you will be required to prove that the failure to comply with the condition,
could not have increased the risk of the damage occurring in the circumstances in which it occurred.

1. Automatic Fire Alarm Installations
    Applicable to Sections 1 and 2:
    Where you are required by law to install and maintain automatic fire alarms, you must, throughout the policy period:
        (a)   carry out the testing and checking requirements referred to on the completion certificate and remedy promptly any defect disclosed;
        (b)   carry out the maintenance procedures specified by the manufacturers of the equipment;
        (c)   notify us immediately of any disconnection or failure of the automatic fire alarm installation likely to leave any area unprotected for 12 hours or more;
        (d)   record details of all events such as alarm faults, tests, maintenance, and disconnections and keep such details available for examination by our
              representatives.

2. Automatic Sprinkler Installations
    Applicable to Sections 1 and 2:
    Where you are required by law or where you have notified to us that you have installed and maintained automatic sprinkler system you must ensure that:
        (a) it is continuously operational, during the policy period;
        (b) it is regularly tested to ensure it is functioning in accordance with the manufacturer specifications;
        (c) you have a contract with approved installing engineers and that you:
                 (i)       provide for the maintenance and half-yearly inspection of the automatic sprinkler installation system; and
                 (ii)     obtain certification after each inspection that the system is in satisfactory working order;
        (d) the water levels are tested for the appropriate level;
        (e) you maintain a level of heating sufficient to prevent freezing of automatic sprinkler installations;
        (f) you remedy promptly any defect disclosed by any tests;
    Provided that you will not be in breach of sub- clauses (a) or (b) of this duty if:
                 (i)     notice is given to us immediately the installation is rendered inoperative or in the event of an emergency; and
                 (ii)    you take all reasonable steps immediately to ensure the installation returns to full operation.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                        Page 14 of 110
                                                                                                                                                            Your Duties

3. Fair Presentation

   Duty of Fair Presentation
   Before the start of the policy period, you must make a fair presentation of the risk. The duty of fair presentation is a duty on you to disclose in a clear and
   accessible way every material circumstance which you know or ought to know.
   For the duty of fair presentation what you know or ought to know:
   •   includes the knowledge of senior management and whoever is responsible for this insurance; and
   •   is what should reasonably have been revealed by a reasonable search of information available.

   Failing to Make a Fair Presentation
   What may happen if you fail to make a fair presentation depends on whether the failure was deliberate or reckless or not.
   If the failure was deliberate or reckless we will treat this Policy as if it never existed and we can keep any premium you have paid.
   If the failure was not deliberate or reckless, the remedy available to us depends on what we would have done if you had given a fair presentation. The remedies
   are:
       (a) if we would not have entered into the Policy, we will treat this Policy as if it never existed and refuse all claims. We will return any premium you have
       paid.
       (b) if we would have entered into the Policy but on different terms (other than premium) we will treat the Policy as if it had been entered into on those different
            terms from the start of the policy period.
       (c) if we would have entered into the Policy but charged a higher premium, we will reduce proportionately the amount we pay for a claim.
   Both (b) and (c) can apply at the same time.
   We will write to you if we:
    • intend to treat this Policy as if it never existed; or
    • need to amend the terms of this Policy.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                    Page 15 of 110
                                                                                                                                                         Your Duties
4. Fire Regulations
   Applicable to Sections 1 and 2:
   You must:
       (a) comply with all applicable legal obligations under Part 2 of The Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005, the Fire Safety (Scotland) Regulations 2006
           or the Fire Safety Regulations (Northern Ireland) 2010, throughout the policy period;
       (b) ensure that:
               (i)     approved fire extinguishing appliances are on the Premises, throughout the policy period; and
               (ii)    an inspection of the appliances is carried out in accordance with your legal obligations.

   However, cover under Sections 1 and 2, will not be invalidated by any defect in any of the said appliances due to circumstances unknown to, or beyond your
   control.
5. Observance of Terms
    You must fulfil all terms, Conditions, and Endorsements, of this Policy in so far as they relate to anything to be done or complied with by you.

6. Programs and Data Precautions
    You must

        (a)     take all reasonable precautions to prevent accidental loss, distortion, corruption or erasure of programs and/or data;
        (b)     in respect of programs where the terms of any licencing agreement allows you to do so, maintain a backup copy of the current version at a location
                other than your premises where the media on which the programs are recorded is kept;
        (c)     In respect of data maintain a weekly full system backup of data at a location other than your premises where the media on which the data is
                recorded is kept.
7. Reasonable Precautions
   1. You must at your own expense take all reasonable care to prevent accidents, loss, and damage and maintain the premises, vehicles, and anything else
      used in connection with the business, in proper repair.
   2. You will make good or remedy any defect and danger which becomes apparent or take such additional precautions as the circumstance may require.
8. Reasonable Care
   You, and your employees must take all reasonable steps, including but not limited to taking precautions to protect or remove the property insured, to avoid or
   diminish any loss or damage covered by this Policy and to secure compensation for any such loss or damage including action against other parties to enforce
   any rights and remedies or to obtain relief or indemnity.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                 Page 16 of 110
                                                                                                                                                          Your Duties


9. Security Protections
   Applicable to Sections 1 and 2:
    Where we require you to fit an intruder alarm system you must ensure in respect of any intruder alarm installed at the premises:
       (a)     it is properly maintained under a maintenance contract with an alarm company, during the policy period;
       (b)     it is switched on and properly working whenever the premises are closed for business;
       (c)     the alarm company is immediately advised of any apparent defect in the intruder alarm;
       (d)     we are notified immediately and in writing if you receive written notification from a police authority warning of possible or intended withdrawal of
               response to calls from the intruder alarm;
       (e)     you obtain our agreement in writing before replacing, extending, or otherwise altering the intruder alarm; and
        (f)    whenever the premises are left unattended you will ensure that:
                 (i)     all locks, bolts, and other protective devices are in full operation;
                 (ii)    details of any codes and all keys used for the operation of the intruder alarm will be either removed from the premises or placed within a
                         locked safe or strong room, the keys to which are themselves removed from the premises.
10. Survey Requirement and Risk Improvement
    We reserve the right to carry out risk management surveys at your premises. This survey requirement will be subject to your prior knowledge, permission and
    cooperation. Such permission and cooperation will not be unreasonably withheld, and any risk improvement requirements are to be completed within the stated
    timescales by you if so required by us.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                 Page 17 of 110
SECTION 1 – MATERIAL DAMAGE
What is Covered
We will cover you against damage to the property insured, that occurs during the policy period.
In the event of a claim, we may decide to, either:
   (a) pay to you the amount the affected property insured is valued at the time of the damage or
   (b) restore, reinstate or replace such affected property insured.
The maximum amount we will paying respect of each occurrence covered under this Section, after the application of any applicable excess will in no case exceed
either:
    (i) the relevant sub-limit, or
    (ii) the limit of cover.

Definitions Applicable to Section 1
In this Section, wherever the following words appear in bold format, they will have the same meaning as defined here.

Debris Removal
Costs and expenses necessarily payable by you in:
   (a)   debris removal;
   (b)   dismantling and demolishing,
   (c)   shoring up or propping, and
   (d)   clearing of drains and sewers
of the portion(s) of the property insured damaged by any defined peril.
We will not pay for any costs or expenses:
    (i) for removing debris except from the site of such property damaged and the area immediately next to such site;
    (ii) arising from pollution or contamination of property not covered by this Section.

Declared Value
Your assessment of the cost of reinstatement of the property insured at the start of the policy period, ignoring inflationary factors and making the allowance for:
   (a) the additional cost of reinstatement to comply with Public Authority requirements;
   (b) professional fees; and
   (c) debris removal costs.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                               Page 18 of 110
                                                                                                                               Section 1: Material Damage
Sub-Limit
A limit which is less than the limit of cover. The sub-limit is a part of and not in addition to the limit of cover shown in the Schedule.
Tenants Improvements
Permanent improvements, alterations and decorations made to the premises by you and at your own expense and for which you are legally responsible. This does
not include landlord's fixtures and fittings or other property.

Third Party Premises
Premises that are owned, tenanted, or occupied by a third party and that are not used or occupied by you.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                       Page 19 of 110
                                                                                                                                        Section 1: Material Damage
Extensions Applicable to Section 1

1.     Building Legislation or Regulation
Cover under this Section is extended to include additional costs for reinstatement which you need to pay in order to meet legal requirements under: any Act of
Parliament, or Public Authority requirements in respect of the damaged property covered.
We will not provide cover under this Extension for:
     (a) damage occurring prior to the start date of this Policy;
     (b) any Act of Parliament, or Public Authority requirement which is not in force at the time of the damage;
     (c) reinstatement required as a result of any notice that has been served on you prior to the damage occurring;
     (d) reinstatement required as a result of an existing requirement which has to be implemented by you within a set time period;
     (e) any property insured that is entirely undamaged;
      (f)the additional cost required for the reinstatement of property insured to a standard that is not required under any Act of Parliament, or Public Authority
         requirement; or
     (g) the amount of any capital appreciation which may be payable in respect of the property insured to comply with any Act of Parliament, or Public Authority
         requirement;
You must comply with the following conditions in order for a claim to be paid under this Extension:
A.    The work of reinstatement must be:
     (a) started and carried out without unreasonable delay, and
     (b) must be completed within 12 months after the damage, or
     (c) after the first 12 months but only we have agreed it with you in writing.
      Such works may be carried out on another site if the Legislation or Regulations so require provided that this does not increase the amount we would be required
      to pay under this Extension.
B.    If the amount we are required to pay for property insured under this Section is reduced by applying of any of the terms and conditions of this Section then the
      amount we will pay under this Extension will be proportionately reduced in the same way.
The most we will pay under this Extension, will not exceed:
     (a) in respect of the undamaged portions of partially damaged property insured but not including foundations, 15% of the cost of reinstatement that we would
         have paid if the property insured had been completely destroyed;
     (b) the amount we would have been required to pay to reinstate the property if the property insured had been completely destroyed; or
     (c) the limit of cover for buildings as shown in the Schedule is respect of damaged property insured at the premises.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                 Page 20 of 110
                                                                                                                                            Section 1: Material Damage
2.   Capital Additions
Cover under this Section is extended to include any newly acquired or newly erected buildings, contents, computer equipment and entertainment equipment
including improvements and extensions.
Provided that:
     (a) the most we will pay under this Extension will not exceed 10% of the declared value for each item or GBP 500,000 whichever is the less of the two, in
         respect of property insured at any one premises;
     (b) you must provide to us any information that we reasonably require of any buildings, contents, computer equipment, and entertainment equipment
         within 60 days in order for them to be covered under this Extension;
     (c) following notification to us cover provided will apply from the date your liability commenced; ; and,
     (d) following you notifying us of any additional insurance the provisions of this Extension will be fully reinstated; and
     (e) the property is not otherwise covered anywhere in the geographical limits.

3.   Changing Locks and Keys
Cover under this Section is extended to include costs payable as a result of the necessary replacement or reconfiguration of locks, keys, fobs and access cards
following their loss by:
     (a)    theft from the premises or from the homes of principals, directors, or employees, provided that the theft involves forcible entry into or exit from either;
     (b)   theft from an event location;
     (c)   theft following threat of actual assault or violence to you or your employees; and
     (d)   by unauthorised duplication of keys, fobs or access cards.
However, if such keys, fobs or access cards relate to a safe or strong room, no payment will be made if they are left on the premises overnight.
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, and in the aggregate for the policy period will be GBP 25,000.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                      Page 21 of 110
                                                                                                                                         Section 1: Material Damage
4.    Claims Preparation Costs
Cover under this Section is extended to include the reasonable costs payable and evidenced by you in respect of fees paid to your:
      (a) architects,
      (b) engineers, or
      (c) other professionals but excluding professional accountants,
for producing and certifying the details of evidence required by us in respect of damage or the resulting business interruption, for which we have agreed to cover.
Provided that:
      (a) we will have the right to review and audit all documentation relating to such costs and expenses;
      (b) we will not pay for:
           (i) the fees and costs of legal advisors or loss assessors, including any of their subsidiary, related or associated entities;
           (ii) the fees and costs of any consultants who provide consultation on coverage or negotiate claims;
           (iii) any additional costs and expenses payable by any of your employees and the cost of materials used in meeting our requirements;
           (iv) costs expenses and charges that are not otherwise recoverable under this Section or the Policy
           (v) GBP 500 excess in respect of each and every claim.
The most we will pay under this Extension for both, the Material Damage Section and the Business Interruption Section, combined, is GBP 25,000 in respect of any
one occurrence.

5.    Clearing of Drains
Cover under this Section is extended to include costs and expenses payable by you in respect of:
     (a) drains,
     (b) gutters, and
     (c) sewers,
which are required to be cleared, cleaned or repaired, as a result of damage to property insured.
We will not pay for any costs or expenses:
       (i)       required in the clearing, cleaning or repairing other than from the site of the damage and the area immediately next to such site; or
       (ii)      arising from pollution or contamination of the property insured not covered by this Section.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                   Page 22 of 110
                                                                                                                                           Section 1: Material Damage
6.    Consulting Engineers’ Fees / Repair Investigation Costs
Cover under this Section is extended to include the fees and costs payable, with our prior written consent, for the investigation or test into the possible:
     (a) repair,
     (b) reinstatement whether or not it is successful, or
     (c) replacement,
of computer equipment or parts of computer equipment damaged.
However, we will not pay for any costs required for preparing any claim.
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, will not exceed GBP 10,000

7.    Computer Equipment Breakdown or Derangement
Cover under this Section is extended to include damage to computer equipment due to its own breakdown or derangement. However, cover under this
extension will only be provided when such computer equipment is, at the time of the damage, the subject of a maintenance rental hire or lease agreement
which provides a minimum service of on-call remedial and/or corrective maintenance at inclusive cost.
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, is GBP 2,500.
8.    Continuing Interest and Hire Charges
Cover under this Section is extended to include the cost reasonably incurred for interest charges or continuing hire charges not recoverable under the terms
of a lease or similar agreement:
     (a) as a result of damage at the premises; and
     (b) for which you are responsible
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, is GBP 10,000.

9.    Contracting Purchaser's Interest
if at the time of damage you have contracted to sell your interest in any building covered under this Section, and the purchase has not been but is
subsequently completed, the purchasers, on completion of the purchase, will be entitled to benefit under this Section until completion, to the extent that such
building is not otherwise covered by the purchaser or on their behalf.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                    Page 23 of 110
                                                                                                                                              Section 1: Material Damage
10. Contract Works
Cover under this Section is extended to include where you have entered into a contract(s) for the extension, alteration or refurbishment of any existing building owned
by you.
For the purposes of this Extension, the Schedule item for buildings is extended to include the works to the extent required by contract conditions entered into between
you and the contractor.
We will not cover you under this Extension:
     (a)         in respect of any contract where the total contract price that exceeds GBP 250,000;
     (b)         in respect of the amount of GBP 1,000 excess.
For the purposes of this Extension, works will mean:
        (i)           temporary or permanent works for the extension, alteration or refurbishment of the buildings, completed or to be completed as part of any contract
                      by or on your behalf at the building;
        (ii)          materials, including fixed and unfixed materials on site, for incorporation, whilst on or adjacent to the contract site and in transit to or from the
                      contract site other than by sea or air.

11. Costs of Alternative Hire
Cover under this Section is extended to include the costs of hire charges payable by you as a result of damage during the policy period:
    (a) for the necessary hire of a substitute item of a similar type and capacity during the period of repair; or
    (b) the permanent replacement of the entertainment equipment
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, is GBP 150,000.

12. Data Processing and Ancillary Equipment
Cover under this Section is extended to include damage to data processing and ancillary equipment caused by dryness or dampness of atmosphere,
extremes of temperature, corrosion or rust, if directly resulting from damage to any air conditioning facilities.
13. Debris Removal
Cover under this Section is extended to include the cost of debris removal from the premises directly caused by damage.
We will not cover you under this Extension for the cost:
           (a)        of decontamination or the removal of
                        (i)    contaminated uninsured property; or
                        (ii)   the contaminant in or on property, including but not limited to the presence of pollutants or hazardous material, regardless of whether or not
                               such contamination results from covered damage; or
           (b)        the removal of debris from any site other than the site on which the damaged property insured is located and immediately next to the site; or
           (c)        arising from pollution or contamination.


Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                       Page 24 of 110
                                                                                                                                        Section 1: Material Damage
14. Electrical Apparatus
Cover under this Section is extended to include any electrical apparatus or fittings which are damaged by fire due to:
        (a)     self-ignition,
        (b)     over-running,
        (c)     excessive pressure,
        (d)     short circuiting,
        (e)     self-heating, or
         (f)    leakage of electricity.
We will not cover you under this Extension for damage to the particular piece of apparatus or fitting which has caused the fire, but we will pay for damage
to any other apparatus or fittings as a consequence of such fire.

15. Entertainment Equipment - Hired-In Continuing Hire Charges
Cover under this Section is extended to include your legal liability to pay continuing hire charges whilst entertainment equipment hired is out of
commission following damage to such entertainment equipment hired during the policy period
Provided that a valid claim for damage to such entertainment equipment hired is otherwise payable under this Section
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, is GBP 150,000 or 13 weeks continuing hire charges, whichever is the less.

16. Energy Performance Additional Costs
Cover under this Section is extended to include the additional costs necessarily and reasonably incurred, with our prior consent, in rebuilding or repairing buildings
at the premises in a manner that aims to reduce potential harm to the environment by improving energy efficiency following damage as covered by this Section.
We will not cover you under this Extension in respect of:
      (a)       the additional cost of complying with any European Union Legislation, Act of Parliament, or
      (b)       byelaws of any public authority
      (c)       for any additional costs for work that had already planned to be carried out prior to the damage
      (d)       for any buildings or portions of buildings which are unoccupied
      (e)       if you elect not to rebuild or repair the buildings
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, will not exceed GBP 35,000.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                 Page 25 of 110
                                                                                                                                      Section 1: Material Damage
17. Escape of Fuel, Oil or Effluent waste
Cover under this Section extends to include, the costs and expenses necessarily and reasonably incurred in cleaning, clearing or removing debris from land:
      (a)       at the premises, and
      (b)        the area immediately adjacent to it
as a result of damage to property insured, resulting in the escape of fuel, oil, or effluent waste from any tank owned by you.
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, will not exceed GBP 10,000.

18. Fire Brigade
Cover under this Section is extended to include the reasonable costs charged by any Public Authority relating to the extinguishing or fighting of fire.

19. Fire Extinguishers, Sprinklers, and Security Equipment
Cover under this Section is extended to include:
      (a)       the cost of replacing or replenishing extinguishment materials and gas flooding systems;
      (b)       the cost of extinguishment expenses for which you may be assessed;
      (c)       replacing sprinkler heads in automatic sprinkler installations rendered necessary; and
      (d)       the cost of resetting fire and/or intruder alarms, and closed circuit television and/or satellite network equipment
during or following damage to property insured caused by fire at the premises.
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, is GBP 25,000.

20. Foundations
    1. Cover under this Section is extended to include within the declared value for buildings the amount in respect of foundations.
    2. If following damage rebuilding is carried out on another site, we agree to treat abandoned foundations as damaged, whether or not such
       foundations are damaged.
    3. Where abandoned foundations increase the resale value of the original building site, the increased value shall be regarded as salvage.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                              Page 26 of 110
                                                                                                                                   Section 1: Material Damage
21. Freeholders, Lessors and Mortgagees
    1. Cover under this Section is extended to include the interest of any Freeholder, Lessee, Under Lessee and/or Mortgagee in respect of buildings
       covered under this Section provided that such interest attached before any damage to such buildings occurs.
    2. Such parties will be automatically noted in this insurance if requested by you, but only to the extent that such interest is not otherwise covered and
       subject to their identity being disclosed in writing to us by you in the event of damage.
    3. This Policy will not be invalidated by any increase in the risk of damage resulting from an alteration, act or omission which occurs without the authority
       or knowledge of any Freeholder and/or Lessor and/or Mortgagee. However, this will only protect the interest of such Freeholder, Lessor or Mortgagee
       and will only apply if we are notified immediately on the party becoming aware of the increased risk and the payment of any reasonable additional
       premium is made.

22. Further Investigation Expenses
Cover under this Section is extended to include where any buildings have suffered damage and in the opinion of a competent construction professional there
is a reasonable possibility of other damage to portions of the same buildings which is not immediately apparent. We will pay the reasonable costs incurred
by you with our prior consent in establishing whether or not such other damage has occurred.
We will also pay the reasonable costs payable by you in establishing whether or not other covered buildings in the immediate vicinity for which you are
responsible have suffered damage in the same incident, but only if such buildings are subsequently found to have suffered such damage for which
you are covered under this Section
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, is GBP 5,000.

23. General Interests
Cover under this Section is extended to include the interest of any other party if requested by you in any of the property insured, provided that such interest
attaches before any damage to such property insured.
However, this is only to the extent that:
      (a)       such interest is not otherwise covered elsewhere; and
      (b)       subject to their identity being disclosed in writing to us by you in the event of damage.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                            Page 27 of 110
                                                                                                                                             Section 1: Material Damage
24. Glass and Neon/Illuminated Signs
Cover under this Section is extended to include damage to fixed glass, glass shelves, showcases and counter cases, mirrors and neon/ illuminated signs.
In addition, following damage to glass or neon/illuminated signs, we will pay the cost of:
       (a)       any necessary boarding-up or temporary glazing pending full replacement;
       (b)       replacing alarm foil, lettering, painting, embossing, silvering or other ornamental work on glass;
       (c)       damage to contents or stock caused by broken glass; and
       (d)       removing and re-fixing window fittings and other obstacles to replacing broken glass.
Provided that, we will not pay for damage in respect of neon and illuminated signs:

                  (i)      arising from adjustment, repair, dismantling or erection of any part of the sign or whilst such sign is removed from its normal working position;
                  (ii)     arising from mechanical breakdown of the sign or any part of the sign;
                  (iii)    to any part of the sign by its own ignition, electrical breakdown or burn out o tubes unless the glass is fractured; or
                  ( iv )   damage which occurred before the start date of this Policy.


25. Inadvertent Omissions
Cover under this Section is extended to include property insured which you had intended to cover within the geographical limit, which has been inadvertently
omitted. We will agree for it to be covered within the terms of this Section, as from the start date of the policy period or from the date of your interest in such property,
if erected or purchased after the start date of the policy period.
Provided that:
       (a)    There are no claims or circumstances likely to give rise to a claim known by you or on your behalf with respect to property inadvertently omitted
        prior to the date of its inclusion into the Policy;
       (b)    you carry out at not less than 12 monthly intervals a check to ensure that effective insurance is in force for all property owned or leased by you
              or for which you are responsible;
       (c)    you will give details in writing immediately w h e n an omission is discovered and within 30 days of the date of discovery must provide us the
              declared value to apply for any such property, and effect specific cover retrospective to such date, and pay the appropriate additional
        premium;       and
       (d)    we reserve the right to exercise our right to the remedies under Section 8 and Schedule 1 of the Insurance Act 2015 in respect of non-disclosure
        that  is neither deliberate or reckless.
For the purpose of the Average Condition, the sub-limit under this Extension will be added to the combined total of the sum of the declared value for buildings and
content and the limit of cover for all other property insured.
The cover under this Extension will not apply to property insured situated outside the geographical limits.
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, is GBP 500,000 any one premises.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                      Page 28 of 110
                                                                                                                                           Section 1: Material Damage
26. Landscaped Grounds
Cover under this Section is extended to include costs payable by you as a consequence of damage to property insured at the premises, in restoring
landscape grounds to their original appearance when first laid out and planted,
We will not cover you under this Extension for costs arising due to the failure of trees, plants, turf and the like to germinate or become established.
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, is GBP 25,000.


27. Loss Reduction Costs
Cover under this Section is extended to include costs payable by you in taking necessary measures to avoid or mitigate further damage covered by this Section.
Provided that:
      (a)        costs are directly related to damage which is likely to occur in the immediate future unless urgent preventative action is taken;
      (b)        we are satisfied that damage has been avoided or reduced in consequence of the measures taken;
      (c)        the terms exclusions and conditions of this section will apply as if damage had occurred; and
      (d)        such costs are not more specifically covered under this or any other policy, bond, indemnity, security or other legally binding contract.
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, will not exceed GBP 25,000.

28. Marine General Average
When the geographical limits are shown in the Schedule as Europe or Worldwide, this Policy will cover you for General Average Contributions and Salvage
Charges whilst the property insured is being transported by sea between any countries within the geographical limits, provided that the property
insured is not more extensively covered elsewhere.
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, the most we will pay is the limit of cover in respect of entertainment equipment as
shown in the Scheule.

29. Metered Utilities
Cover under this Section is extended to include the additional charges payable by you in respect of loss of metered water, gas or oil resulting from its accidental
escape from pipes, apparatus, or tanks directly caused by the damage covered under this Section, occurring during the policy period.
Provided that you maintain a record of readings from the Water Authority meter at intervals of not more than 7 days.
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, is GBP 25,000.

30. Motor Vehicles
Cover under this Section is extended to include damage to motor vehicles owned or leased by you whilst parked at the premises provided that the vehicles are
not covered under a more specific insurance.


Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                       Page 29 of 110
                                                                                                                                          Section 1: Material Damage
31. New Acquisitions
Cover under this Section is extended to include any new premises or premises of new subsidiary company(ies) acquired by you, within the geographical limits and
as shown in the Schedule.
Provided that:
   (a)    the activities carried out at the new premises or by the new subsidiary company fall within the business shown in the Schedule;
   (b)    full details of the acquisition are provided to us as soon as practicable and within 60 days from the date of acquisition and insurance is effected;
   (c)    we will be entitled to charge an appropriate pro rata additional premium from the date of acquisition and may vary the terms in respect of such acquisition;
   (d)    no claim will be payable if such subsidiary company or premises within the acquisition is covered by a more specific policy or policies except in respect of
          any excess beyond the amount which would have been payable under such other policy or policies had this insurance not been effected.
However, any new premises or premises of new subsidiary company(ies) within the acquisition, outside of the geographical limits shown in the Schedule, will only
be covered under this Policy on prior written confirmation from us.
The most we will pay under this Extension, will not exceed 10% of the declared value for each item or GBP 1,000,000 in total whichever is the lesser.

32. Pairs and Sets

Cover under this Section is extended to include the reasonable and necessary costs for property insured comprising of a pair or set for:

 (a)       repairing or replacing any part to restore the pair or set, or
 (b)      the difference between the value of the pair or set before and after it was damaged.

Where we have paid for the difference in value of a pair or set before and after it is damaged then you will surrender the undamaged parts to us.

33. Professional Fees
Cover under this Section is extended to include the reasonable and necessary cost of professional fees as a consequence of damage to property insured
which results in reinstatement or repair in respect of damage covered under this Section.

34. Property Stored
Cover under this Section is extended to include damage to stock anywhere within the geographical limits other than the premises.
Provided that we will not provide cover for:
         (a)      property more specifically or otherwise covered under another policy;
         (b)      damage to property in any yard, car park, or open space or contained within an open-sided structure or open-sided building; or
         (c)      damage caused other than by a defined peril.
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, will not exceed 10% of the declared value of stock or GBP 250,000 whichever is the
less.



Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                   Page 30 of 110
                                                                                                                                      Section 1: Material Damage
35. Reinstatement of Data
Cover under this Section is extended to include damage covered under this Section which directly causes the loss distortion corruption or erasure of data recorded
on media. We will pay the costs necessarily and reasonably incurred by you in the reinstatement of data but excluding the value to you of the data.
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, is GBP 25,000.

36. Reinstatement to Match - Computer Equipment
Cover under this Section extends to include:
      (a)        the cost of replacement or modification of undamaged computer equipment as is necessary to adapt it to operate in conjunction with lost,
                 destroyed, or damaged property which has been replaced prepared or restored;
      (b)        the cost of replacement, repair, or modification of undamaged parts of computer equipment that form parts of a matching set of articles or
                 suite of common design or function where the damage is restricted to a clearly identifiable area or to a specific part.
provided that:
      (a)        the cover provided under this Extension will not be increased by:
                   (i)     what would otherwise have been payable for the replacement, repair, and restoration of the property lost destroyed or damaged in its
                           original form;
                   (ii)    what would have been payable for replacement, repair, or modification of the whole property forming a set of articles or suit e of common
                           design or function if such property had been wholly destroyed
      (b)        we will only provide cover for the amount required to enable you to resume operations in substantially the same manner as before the
                 damage;
      (c)        where the property is lost destroyed or damaged in part only, we will not pay more than the amount representing the cost which we would
                 have paid for repair restoration or replacement if such property had been wholly destroyed;
      (d)        if damage to computer equipment results in undamaged computer records being incompatible with replacement computer equipment we
                 will pay for the cost of;
                      (i) modifying the computer equipment; or
                      (ii) replacing the computer records with reinstatement of programmes and or information but not for the value of the information t o you
                 whichever is the less.

37. Reinstatement of Programs
Cover under this Section is extended to include damage covered under this Section, which directly causes the accidental loss distortion corruption or erasure of
programs recorded on media covered by this Section. We will pay the reasonable costs payable for the reinstatement of programs.
However, we will not cover you under this Extension the cost of reinstatement of data or the value to you of the data contained.
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, will not exceed GBP 25,000.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                              Page 31 of 110
                                                                                                                                       Section 1: Material Damage
38. Rent Payable
Cover under this Section is extended to include the rent payable by you, in respect of the building(s) or any part of it being unfit for occupation as a result of
damage.
We will not pay for more than the proportion of the limit of cover for rent payable as the period necessary for reinstatement bears to the term of rent covered.
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, will not exceed the amount shown in the Schedule.

39. Removal to Private Home - Contents
Cover under this Section is extended to include contents whilst removed to any director's, partner's or employee's residential address elsewhere than at
the premises, including whilst in transit, and within the geographical limits

Provided that we will not provide cover under this Extension for
    (a) portable computer equipment; or
    (b) directors', partners' and employees' personal effects.
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, is GBP 10,000 of the limit of cover at the home of any one person or GBP 3,000 in
respect of any one item.

40. Services
Cover under this Section is extended to include telephone, gas, water and electric instruments, meters, piping, cabling and the like and their accessories,
including similar property in adjoining yards or roadways or underground, all pertaining to buildings or contents covered by this Section, being your property
or for which you are responsible.

41. Sprinkler Installation Upgrading Costs
Cover under this Section is extended to include the cost of upgrading any automatic sprinkler installation following damage covered under this Section
in order to ensure that it conforms to Loss Prevention Council Rules for Automatic Sprinkler Installations in place at the time of reinstatement.
We will cover costs incurred by you provided that at the time of the damage the installation conformed to the 28th or 29th Edition of such Rules when installed
but did not conform to subsequent amendment to such Rules.
We will not cover you under this Extension for any rate, tax, duty development or other charge or assessment arising out of capital appreciation as a result of
complying with our requirements.
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of each and every occurrence will not exceed 20% of the limit of cover for the item including such sprinkler
installation or any other limit of cover applicable to this section whichever is the less.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                               Page 32 of 110
                                                                                                                                    Section 1: Material Damage
42. Temporary Removal
Cover under this Section is extended to include property insured, other than stock, whilst temporarily removed for cleaning, renovation, repair, or other similar
purposes to another part of the premises, or to any other premises within the geographical limits including whilst in transit.
We will not cover you under this Extension for:
    (a) motor vehicles and motor chassis licensed for normal road use;
    (b) property held by you in trust; or
    (c) property more specifically covered.
The most we will pay in respect of each occurrence for each Item will not exceed 10% of the relevant limit of cover.

43. Temporary Removal (Documents)
Cover under this Section is extended to include:

    (a) deeds and other documents, including stamps adhered to them;
    (b) manuscripts, plans, and writings of every description;
    (c) books, written and printed, and
    (d) computer systems records;
whilst temporarily removed to any premises not occupied by you within the geographical limits and whilst in transit.

The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence is 10% of the limit of cover for contents as shown in the Schedule.
44. Theft Damage to Buildings
Cover under this Section is extended to include damage directly caused to any buildings leased or rented to you including the landlord’s fixtures and fittings,
where the damage has been directly caused by theft, or attempted theft, or involving entry to, or exit from, the premises by violent and forcible means.
We will not cover you under this Extension is respect of damage:
    (a) caused to any property other than buildings and landlords’ fixtures and fittings;
    (b) caused by any person lawfully on the premises;
    (c) while the premises are unoccupied;
    (d) to property more specifically covered under this policy or elsewhere; or
    (e) the first GBP 500 excess or the amount of excess shown in the Schedule whichever is the greater.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                            Page 33 of 110
                                                                                                                                    Section 1: Material Damage
45. Trace and Access
Cover under this Section is extended to include costs necessarily incurred as a result of damage in locating the source of any escape of:
      (a) water from any fixed water services or heating installation; and
      (b) fuel oil used for domestic purpose only;
including making good the damage to the premises caused as a consequence
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, is GBP 25,000.

46.    Undamaged Stock
Cover under this Section is extended to include any loss payable less the amount of any salvage monies obtained in the event of undamaged stock being rendered
unusable directly caused by damage.

The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, will not exceed 15% of the limit of cover for stock.

47. Unauthorised Use of Supplies
Cover under this Section is extended to include water, gas, electricity, oil or other metered supply charges payable by you and for which you are legally
responsible, due to unauthorised use by persons taking possession of, keeping possession of or occupying any premises without your written consent,
Provided that:
      (a) you will take all practicable steps to terminate such unauthorised use as soon as it is discovered ;
      (b) you have advised us of such unauthorised use immediately on becoming aware of it; and
      (c) Section Condition 14 Unoccupied Buildings has been complied with by you
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, is GBP 25,000 any one policy period
48. Undamaged Tenants Improvements
Cover under this Section is extended to include where there is damage by a defined peril to buildings or contents, in consequence of which your lease is
terminated by the lessor pursuant to a valid condition of your lease, we will pay the value of undamaged tenants fixtures, fittings, alterations, installations or
additions made at your expense and which cannot legally be removed, in or on a building occupied but not owned by you.
Provided that we will not provide cover under this Extension for retaining walls, foundations or supports below the surface of the lowest floor or basement,
or for outdoor trees, shrubs, plants or lawns
The most we will pay under this Extension, in respect of any one occurrence, is GBP 100,000.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                            Page 34 of 110
                                                                                                                                         Section 1: Material Damage

Exclusions Applicable to Section 1
The following exclusions apply to this Section, in addition to the General Exclusions of this Policy.

 1. Building Cracking or Collapse
We will not cover you against any loss consisting of or connected with damage to a building or a structure caused by its own collapse or cracking unless directly
caused by a defined peril.

 2. Cessation of Work
We will not cover you under this Section against any loss consisting of or connected with cessation of work.

 3. Consequential Loss
Other than in respect of rent payable we will not cover you under this Section against consequential loss arising as a result of damage.

 4. Corrosion, Rot, Damp
We will not cover you under this Section against any loss consisting of or connected with:
    (a) corrosion, rust, wet or dry rot, shrinkage, evaporation, loss of weight, dampness, dryness, marring, scratching, vermin, or insects;
    (b) aridity, humidity; rising damp, exposure to extremes of temperature, to moisture, light or heat; or
    (c) change in temperature, colour, flavour, texture, or finish.
    but this will not exclude
           (i)    loss or damage which is the result of damage which is covered under this Policy; or
           (ii)   loss or damage which results from a defined peril.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                               Page 35 of 110
                                                                                                                                         Section 1: Material Damage
 5. Heat
We will not cover you against any loss consisting of or connected with the property insured undergoing:
    (a) any heating process; or
    (b) any process of production, packing, treatment, testing, commissioning, servicing, or repair involving the application of heat
but this will not exclude loss or damage which is the result of damage which is covered under this Policy.

 6. Inherent vice, Defective Workmanship, Operation of Machinery, Explosion
We will not cover you under this Section in respect of any loss consisting of or connected with:
     (a) inherent vice, latent defect, gradual deterioration, wear and tear, frost, its own faulty or defective design or materials;
     (b) faulty or defective workmanship, or operational error or omission by your or any of your employees;
     (c) the operation of machinery, plant, apparatus or equipment unless such operation is in accordance with the manufacturer’s instructions or
         specification;
     (d) explosion occasioned by the bursting of a boiler (not being a boiler used for domestic purposes only) economiser or other vessel, machine or
         apparatus in which the internal pressure is due to steam only and belonging to or under your control.
but this will not exclude loss or damage which is the result of damage which is covered under this Policy.

 7. Leaks, Breakdown and Utilities
We will not cover you under this Section against any loss consisting of or connected with:
    (a) joint leakage, failure of welds, cracking, fracturing, collapse, or overheating of boilers, economisers, superheated pressure vessels, or any range
        of steam and feed piping used in connection to these;
    (b) mechanical or electrical breakdown or derangement in respect of the particular machine, apparatus, or equipment in which such breakdown or
        derangement originates;
    (c) the deliberate act of a supply undertaking in withholding the supply of water, gas, electricity, fuel, or telecommunications services;
but this will not exclude
        (i)      loss or damage which is the result of damage which is covered under this Policy; or
        (ii)     loss or damage which results from a defined peril.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                  Page 36 of 110
                                                                                                                                       Section 1: Material Damage
 8. Pollution
We will not cover you under this Section against any loss consisting of or connected with pollution or contamination, but this exclusion will not apply to damage to
property insured directly caused by:
    (a) pollution, or contamination directly caused by a defined peril; or
    (b) defined peril resulting from pollution or contamination.
 9. Property Insured away from the Premises
We will not cover you under this Section against damage to property insured away from the premises consisting of or connected with theft or attempted theft of the
property insured:
    (a) from or on an unattended vehicle or trailer during working hours unless:
            (i) all doors, windows and other means of access have been secured and locked;
            (ii) any alarms are activated; and
            (iii) any property insured must be placed in the boot or similar luggage compartment of the vehicle to conceal it from sight and which is securely closed
                  and locked;
    (b) from or on an unattended vehicle or trailer out of working hours unless:
            (i) all doors, windows and other means of access have been secured and locked;
            (ii) any alarms are activated;
            (iii) any property insured must be placed in the boot or similar luggage compartment of the vehicle to conceal it from sight, and which is securely closed
                  and locked; and
            (iv) such vehicle or trailer is garaged in a securely closed and locked building or compound;
    (c) from or on an unattended soft topped open topped or open sided vehicle or trailer unless also involving theft of the vehicle or trailer;
    (d) where property insured is otherwise left unattended meaning it is not under your care, custody or control unless contained in a locked building
        of substantial construction or in a secure locked room;
    (e) in or on soft topped, open topped or open sided vehicles or trailers if caused by:
            (i) storm, tempest, water, hail, frost or snow;
            (ii) malicious persons when the vehicle or trailer is left unattended out of working hours.
This exclusion will not apply to entertainment equipment away from the premises whilst in transit and at an event location.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                Page 37 of 110
                                                                                                                                        Section 1: Material Damage
 10. Property not covered
We will not cover you under this Section against any loss in respect of:
    (a) glass other than fixed glass, china, earthenware, marble, or other fragile or brittle objects;
    (b) jewellery, precious stones, precious metals, bullion, furs, curiosities, works of art, or rare books;
other than loss directly caused by a defined peril.
    (c) land, land values, roads, pavements, piers, jetties, bridges, culverts, shafts, mines or excavations;
    (d) animals, growing crops, or trees;
    (e) bullion, foreign coins, counterfeit or substitute money;
    (f) explosives;
    (g) electricity, gas, water or telecommunication transmission lines or pipes except for such lines or pipes which you are responsible for or which are
        located on, under or over the premises.


 11. Subsidence
We will not cover you under this Section against any loss consisting of or connected with subsidence or ground heave or landslip:
    (a) of yards, car-parks, roads, pavements, walls, swimming pools, hot tubs, tennis courts, drives, patios and terraces, gates and fences unless a
        building at the premises covered is also damaged; or
    (b) of solid floors of a building at the premises unless the walls of the building is also damaged by the same occurrence of subsidence or ground
        heave or landslip;
    (c) caused by or consisting of:
         (i)      the normal settlement or bedding down of new structures;
         (ii)     the settlement or movement of made-up ground;
         (iii)    coastal or river erosion;
         (iv)     defective design or workmanship or the use of defective materials;
         (v)      compaction of infill;
         (vi)     demolition, construction, structural alteration or repair of any property at the premises;
         (vii) groundworks or excavation at the premises; or
         (viii) fire, subterranean fire, explosion, earthquake or the escape of water from any tank, apparatus or pipe;
    (d) where damage originated prior to the start of this Policy.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                 Page 38 of 110
                                                                                                                                       Section 1: Material Damage

 12. Theft
We will not cover you under this Section against any loss caused directly by or consisting of theft or any attempted theft by or in collusion with any employee or any
other person lawfully on the premises, or at an event location.

 13. Unexplained disappearances
We will not cover you any loss, directly or indirectly, consisting of or connected with unexplained disappearance, unexplained or inventory shortage, misfiling or
misplacing of information.

 14. Unoccupied Buildings
We will not cover you under this Section against any loss consisting of or connected with:
    (a) freezing;
    (b) escape of water from any tank, apparatus or pipe;
    (c) malicious persons, not acting on behalf of, or in connection with, any political organisation, other than fire or explosion;
    (d) theft or attempted theft;
in respect of any building which is unoccupied.

 15. Water Table
We will not cover you under this Section against any loss solely due to change in the water table level.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                Page 39 of 110
                                                                                                                                         Section 1: Material Damage

Conditions Applicable to Section 1
1. Basis of Settlement – Property Insured
In the event of damage covered under this Section, we will calculate the amount we will pay for any claim, based on the value of reinstatement of the property
insured lost, destroyed or damaged, subject to the following conditions:
   (a) where the property insured is destroyed
         (i) in case of a building(s), the cost of rebuilding of the building;
         (ii) in the case of other property, cost of replacement with property of similar kind and quality;
   (b) where the property insured is damaged, the cost of repair or restoration of the damaged property or part of the property.
However, the limits of cover will be limited to 115% of the declared values or such other percentage as may be shown in the Schedule and the maximum we will
pay in respect of each separate Item subject to this clause, is as shown in the Schedule.
   (c) the repair, rebuilding or replacement should be to a condition and quality equal to but not better or more extensive than its condition when new,
       provided that the buildings are maintained in good repair. However, we will not pay more than it would have done if the property had been
       completely destroyed;
   (d) the property insured may be replaced on another site and in a manner suitable to your needs, but this will not increase the maximum amount
       we will pay under the limit of cover;
   (e) the Basis of Settlement in respect of buildings extends to include the reasonable additional costs incurred in replacement of damaged
       materials which given consideration to the scientific and technical knowledge at the time of installation construction or fitting were reasonably
       deemed to be fit for the purpose intended but require replacement with more suitable modern materials after the damage;
   (f) the buildings will not be regarded as being better or more extensive than when new provided that the most we will pay in respect of any one
       claim is limited to 10% of the declared value of such buildings in respect of such additional costs;
   (g) all work must begin and be carried out as quickly as possible;
   (h) all claims will be settled without deduction in respect of any increases in the declared value at risk between the start date of the Policy and the
       time of the damage, provided that:
           (i) you provide us with the declared value at the start of the policy period and a revised declared value, at each renewal; and
           (ii) the declared value at the inception of this Policy is not less than the cost of reinstatement at inception;
   (i) if you fail to notify us of the declared value at the start of any policy period, we will use the last declared value notified by you for the
       following policy period;
   (j) if at the time of the damage, the declared value is less than the cost of reinstatement of the property insured as at the start of the policy
       period, the most we will pay for any damage will be limited to that proportion which the declared value bears to the cost of reinstatement of
       the property insured.
   We will not make a payment under this clause;
          (i) until you have incurred the cost of replacing or repairing the property;
          (ii) if you or your agent has covered the property under another policy which does not have the same basis of reinstatement;
          (iii) if you do not comply with any of the provisions of this clause.


Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                  Page 40 of 110
                                                                                                                                          Section 1: Material Damage
2. Basis of Settlement- Computer Equipment
If computer equipment and ancillary equipment cannot be:
    (a) economically repaired, or
    (b) replaced,
 by similar equipment of similar capacity in a condition equal to but not better or more extensive than its condition when new because equipment of a
similar capacity is not available, replacement can be of the next higher capacity.
This will not be regarded as being better or more extensive than new.
 However, the above will not apply to any electronic data or processing media. If electronic data or processing media suffer loss or damage covered by this Policy
then the basis of valuation will be:
    (a) the cost of the blank media, plus
    (b) the cost of copying the electronic data from back-up or from originals of a previous generation.
These costs will not include research and engineering nor any costs of recreating, gathering, or assembling such electronic data. If the media is not repaired, replaced,
or restored, the basis of valuation will be the cost of the blank media. However, this Policy does not cover the value of the electronic data to you or any other party,
even if the electronic data cannot be recreated gathered or assembled.
3. Basis of Settlement - Stock
The basis of settlement in respect of stock will be calculated as follows:
    (a) material in trade, supplies, and other merchandise not manufactured by you will be the replacement cost;
    (b) stock which forms part of work in progress will be the value of raw materials and labour plus the appropriate proportion of overhead charges;
    (c) finished stock will be the regular cash selling price less all discounts and charges to which such finished stock would have been subject had no
        loss occurred.

4. Branded Goods
In the event of a claim for loss or damage to the property insured, any salvage of branded goods, and/or merchandise either in your possession or held in trust or
on commission, and/or goods sold but not delivered will not be disposed of by sale without our consent. If such salvage is not disposed of by sale then the claim will
be assessed at the value agreed between you and us and taken into consideration at the settlement of the loss.

5. Contract Price
In respect of stock or finished goods, sold under a sale contract but not delivered and for which you are responsible, if the sale contract is cancelled due to the
condition of the goods directly caused by damage, the amount we will pay will be based on the contract price.
For the purpose of this clause the value of all goods to which this basis of settlement could apply in the event of damage will also be ascertained on
this basis.



Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                   Page 41 of 110
                                                                                                                                           Section 1: Material Damage

6. Hired Out Equipment Precautions
In the event of entertainment equipment being hired out to a third party by you without being accompanied you or an employee, a formal hiring
agreement will be issued by you holding the hirer responsible for damage caused to such equipment and that the hirer will cover you in the event of damage.

7. Inspection Requirement
We will not cover you for damage caused by explosion originating within any vessel, machine or apparatus or its contents, belonging to you or under your
control which requires to be examined to comply with any statutory regulations, unless there is in force a policy of insurance or other contract providing the
required inspection service.

8. Munitions of War
Regardless of any exclusion in this Policy with respect to war, damage to the property insured caused by or resulting from the detonation of munitions of war
or parts of such, at or within one mile of the boundary of the premises will be covered, provided that the presence of such munitions does not result from a
state of war current at the time of the damage.

9. Non-invalidation
If the risk of damage is increased by any act or omission, or by any alteration, that occurs without your knowledge, such increase will not invalidate this insurance,
provided that you immediately on such act, omission or alteration coming to their knowledge, gives notice to us and pays such extra premium as we may require.
However, nothing in this clause overrides the provisions of the Insurance Act 2015.

10. Other Interests
All parties who have an interest in property not belonging to you are noted as Loss Payees under this Section, but only to the extent that you has the responsibility to
insure such interest.

11. Packing and Storage Precautions
You must:
    (a) take all reasonable precautions in the packaging of entertainment equipment prior to transit; and
    (b) ensure that any costumes are stored at least 6 inches above the floor level when in your care, custody and control.

12. Salvage
You will have full right to the possession of all goods involved in any damage and will retain control and, exercising reasonable discretion, will be the sole judge as to
whether the goods involved in any damage are fit for use. No goods so deemed by you to be unfit for use will be sold or otherwise disposed of except by you or with
your consent. However, you will allow us any salvage obtained on any sale or other disposition of such goods. in the event you elect to stamp “salvage” on the
merchandise or its containers or removes or obliterates the labels or brands you will do so at your own expense.


Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                    Page 42 of 110
                                                                                                                                           Section 1: Material Damage
13. Unoccupied Buildings
Unoccupied buildings will not be covered under this Section unless:
    (a) notice in writing is given to us that the buildings are unoccupied and payment of additional premium is made if requested by us;
    (b) you ensure all doors and windows are fitted with good quality locks and are secured at all times;
    (c) you brick up or boards over all unnecessary doors, windows, and other openings at first and ground floor levels;
    (d) notify us immediately if the buildings and all the premises are to be occupied by contractors for renovation, alteration, or conversion purposes;
    (e) complete any risk improvement put forward by us within the timescale specified by us;
    (f) you or your appointed representative inspects the premises internally and externally weekly; and
           (i) maintains a record of such inspections;
           (ii) ensures that any defects in the condition or state of repair of the buildings including any walls gates and fences or any defects in security alarm or
           (iii) Fire Protection installations are rectified remedied or repaired immediately
    (g) you remove all combustible materials from inside and around the buildings and ensures that vegetation is kept under control; and,
    (h) you disconnect the gas, electricity and water services leaving only the central supplies for security alarms, water for the sprinklers and the like.
14. Waste Condition
We will not cover you under this Section for damage by fire or explosion unless you ensure that all hazardous and/or combustible trade waste is stored either:
    (a) in metal lidded containers; or
    (b) at a distance of at least five metres from any building.
15. Workmen’s Clause
Workmen may be employed for the purpose of minor extensions, or alterations, installations, maintenance, and the like without invalidating the cover under this Section.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                     Page 43 of 110
SECTION 2 - BUSINESS INTERRUPTION
What is Covered
We will pay for each item under this Section unless otherwise shown in the Schedule for an incident resulting solely from interruption or interference to your business
caused by physical loss or damage to your premises or to property insured while in transit to and from and at an event location.
How much we will pay under this Section will be calculated in accordance with the Basis of Cover Applicable to Section 2.
Provided that:
1.   at the time of the damage, there is in force an insurance covering the premises or to property insured against such damage and:
         (a)     payment has been made or liability will have been admitted; or,
         (b)     liability would have been admitted but for the operation of a proviso in such insurance excluding liability for losses below a specified amount.
2.   The most we will pay under this Section including the Extensions to the Section will not exceed:
         (a)     the limit of cover as shown in the Schedule or
         (b)     the relevant maximum indemnity period;
     whichever is exhausted earlier.

Definitions Applicable to Section 2
In this Section, wherever the following words appear in bold format, they will have the same meaning as defined here.

Additional Increase in Cost of Working
The additional expenditure necessarily incurred in order to minimise any interruption or interference with the business during the indemnity period.

Annual Revenue
The revenue during the 12 months immediately before the date of any incident

Business Interruption
Loss resulting from interruption of or interference with the business carried on by you at the premises in consequence of an incident to property insured used by
you at the premises for the purpose of the business, or whilst used by you away from the premises for the purpose of the business.

Incident
The occurrence of damage to the premises or to property insured or in transit to or from the premises for the purpose of the business and where such damage
is of a type that is covered under Section 1 or the cause of such damage is not excluded under the Policy.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                    Page 44 of 110
                                                                                                                               Section 2: Business Interruption
Indemnity Period:
The period beginning with the occurrence of the incident and ending not later than the maximum indemnity period, during which the results of the business will be
affected in consequence of any incident.

Increase in Cost of Working
The additional expenditure necessarily and reasonably incurred for the sole purpose of avoiding or diminishing the loss of revenue which but for that expenditure
would have taken place during the indemnity period.

Loss of Revenue
The amount by which the revenue during the indemnity period falls short of the standard revenue.

Maximum Indemnity Period
The number of months shown in the Schedule, running consecutively from the commencement of the indemnity period.

Revenue
The money paid or payable to you for services rendered in the course of the business at the premises.

Standard Revenue
The revenue during the period in the 12 months immediately before the date of any incident which corresponds with the indemnity period

Basis of Cover Applicable to Section 2

Item 1. Loss of Revenue and Increase in Cost of Working
We will cover you under item for business interruption as a result of an incident for:
     (a) loss of revenue; and
     (b) increase in cost of working.
We will not pay you for:
     (a) increase in cost of working exceeding the amount of loss of revenue which has been avoided; or
     (b) any amounts saved during the indemnity period in respect of any of the charges and expenses of the business payable out of revenue that may cease
         or be reduced.

Item 2. Additional Increase in Cost of Working
We will cover you under item for business interruption for additional increase in cost of working beyond what is recoverable under clause (b) of Item 1.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                            Page 45 of 110
                                                                                                                                    Section 2: Business Interruption
Extensions Applicable to Section 2

1. Additional Rent: Data Processing and Ancillary Equipment
Cover under this Section is extended to include the payment of additional rent arising as a result of business interruption at the premises to any:
     (a) data processing; and/or
     (b) ancillary equipment;
caused by the cancellation of the lease/hire contract in force at the date of the business interruption.
We will also cover you for its replacement by a new contract for similar equipment in respect of the period:
      (a) commencing after the expiry date of the maximum indemnity period; and
      (b) ending not later than:
            (i)    12 months after such date; or
            (ii)   the expiry of the lease/hire contract in force at the date of the business interruption
        whichever is the sooner.
Provided that:
      (a) the maximum indemnity period in respect of this Extension will not exceed 12 months,
      (b) we will not pay more than GBP 25,000 in respect of an incident.

2. Essential Personnel
Cover under this Section extends to include reasonable costs required for avoiding or diminishing any interruption or interference with the business carried out by you
at the premises, during the indemnity period due to:
    (a) the death or permanent disablement of any of your:
            (i) principles,
            (ii) directors,
            (iii) partners,
        by accidental or external means which prevents them from carrying out of their usual employment or occupation.
Provided that:
    (a) the maximum indemnity period in respect of this Extension will not exceed 12 months;
    (b) will not pay more than GBP 25,000 in respect of an incident.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                 Page 46 of 110
                                                                                                                                         Section 2: Business Interruption

3. Extended Property
Cover under this Section is extended to include loss sustained by you directly caused by business interruption during the indemnity period, to property specified
in (i) to (vi) below, within the geographical limits at another premises:
  (i)    Contract Sites
         Premises not occupied by you where you are carrying out the contracts for the supply of goods or services.
 (ii)    Entertainment Equipment
         Entertainment equipment belonging to or hired by you or held by you in trust whilst at the premises or at an event location and not in your occupation or
         in transit by road, rail or inland waterway.
 (iii)   Professional Documents
         Premises in which documents belonging to, or held in trust by, you, are temporarily kept when not in your occupation, or whilst in transit.
 (iv)    Property Stored
         Premises whilst property insured is stored in it, anywhere other than at the premises occupied by you, including while property insured is in transit.
 (v)     Unspecified Customers
         Property of any other of your direct customers, with whom, at the time of the damage to the customer’s property, you have contracts to supply goods or
         services.
 (vi)    Unspecified Suppliers
         Property of any other of your direct suppliers, manufacturers, or processors of components, goods, or materials, at the time of the damage to the supplier’s
         property, you have contracts for the supply of goods or services. However, this cover will not apply in respect of the property of any supplier of electricity, gas,
         or telecommunications services, and premises not occupied by you where property insured is stored.
The most we will pay under this Extension will not exceed:
     (a) the limit of cover for revenue for items i) and ii) above;
     (b) 10% of the limit of cover for revenue or GBP 100,000 whichever is the less for items iii) to vi) above.
The Automatic Reinstatement Clause under the General Conditions will not apply to this Extension.
The maximum indemnity period in respect of this Extension will be as shown in the Schedule.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                       Page 47 of 110
                                                                                                                                            Section 2: Business Interruption
4. Failure of Supply
This Section extends to cover you for loss as a result of interruption or interference to your business, during the indemnity period due to:
    (a) accidental failure of supply of:
          (i)     electricity at the terminal ends of the service provider’s feeders at the premises;
          (ii)    gas at the service providers meter at the premises;
          (iii)   water at the service providers main stop cock serving the premises;
          (iv)    land based telecommunications services but excluding intranet or extranet services at the incoming line terminals or receivers at the premises;
          (v)     other telecommunications services, including Internet or extranet services at the incoming line terminals or receivers at the premises,
We will not be liable for any business interruption;
    (a) which does not involve a cessation of supply for:
          (i)     at least 4 consecutive hours in respect of the supply of electricity gas or water services; and
          (ii)    for at least 12 consecutive hours in respect of the supply of land based or other telecommunications services;
    (b) resulting from the deliberate act of any supply undertaking or by the exercise by any such undertaking of its power to withhold or restrict supply or service is
        not performed for the sole purpose of safeguarding life or protecting the supply undertaking system;
    (c) resulting from failure caused by:
          (i)     strikes or any labour or trade dispute;
          (ii)    drought;
          (iii)   other atmospheric or weather conditions
        but this will not exclude failure due to damage caused by such conditions.
    (d) caused by or arising out from all attributable to the failure of any overhead transmission and distributing lines and their supporting structures other than those
        within one mile of the premises;
    (e) resulting from the failure of telecommunications services via satellite:
          (i)     due to the failure of any satellite prior to its attaining its full operating function or whilst in or beyond the final year of its design life;
          (ii)    in the event of temporary interference with transmissions to and from satellites due to atmospheric weather solar or lunar conditions; or
          (iii)   resulting from the transfer of the insured satellite facility to another party
    (f) as covered under the Supply Undertakings Extension;
Provided that the most we will pay under this Extension will not exceed:
    (a) the maximum indemnity period in respect of this Extension will be as shown in the Schedule.
    (b) more than GBP 25,000 in respect of an incident.



Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                          Page 48 of 110
                                                                                                                                     Section 2: Business Interruption

5. Fines and Damages
This Section extends to cover you for interruption or interference to your business for fines, penalties or damages imposed by the conditions of any contract
between you and your customers for breach of contract which you are legally required to pay.
We will pay you to discharge of fines, penalties or damages for non- completion or late completion of orders or contracts, or in respect of cancellation of
orders or contracts, as a result of business interruption at the premises,
Provided that the most we will pay under this Extension will not exceed:
    (a) the maximum indemnity period in respect of this Extension will not exceed 12 months.
    (b) more than GBP 25,000 in respect of an incident.


6. Legionella
   This Section extends to cover you for interruption or interference to your business during the indemnity period due to
     (a) any discovery or suspicion of any organism at the premises likely to result in the occurrence of Legionnaires disease; or
     (b) an occurrence of Legionnaires disease at the premises;
   which causes restrictions on the use of the premises on the order or advice of the competent local authority.
   Provided that:
        (i)     the indemnity period will mean the period during which the results of the business will be affected in consequence of the occurrence discovery or
                suspicion being with the date from which the restrictions on the premises are applied;
        (ii)    the maximum indemnity period be three months;
        (iii)   for the purposes of this Extension, premises will mean only those locations stated in the premises definition (If the policy includes an extension which
                deems loss destruction or damage at other locations to be damaged at the premises such extensions will not apply to this extension); and
        (iv)    we will only be liable for loss resulting at the premises which are directly affected by the occurrence of discovery or suspicion;
The cover under this Extension includes costs and expenses incurred in the consequence of the damage in respect of:
        (I) cleaning and decontamination of the air conditioning and or water supply equipment
        (II) removal and disposal of contaminated stock and entertainment equipment at or from the premises
        (III) the value of contaminated stock and entertainment equipment destroyed as a result of the contamination at the premises;
 The most we will pay under this Extension will not exceed GBP 50,000 for an incident and in the aggregate during the policy period.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                  Page 49 of 110
                                                                                                                                    Section 2: Business Interruption
7. Prevention of Access
Cover under this Section is extended to include loss resulting from business interruption during the indemnity period, as a result of damage to property within a
radius of one (1) mile from the boundary of the premises, during the policy period, which prevents the use of the premises or access to it.
Cover under this Extension includes where prevention of access following damage to an event location, where the property insured at the event location is not
damaged or destroyed.
However, we will not provide cover under this Extension for business interruption:
   (a) that does not involve prevention of access to or use of the premises for at least 12 consecutive hours;
   (b) where the prevention of access or use of the premises commenced prior to the policy period;
   (c) arising from damage to property of any supplier from which you obtain electricity, gas, water or telecommunications services, which prevents or hinders the
     supply of such services to the premises.
The most we will pay under this Extension is either 10% of the limit of cover or GBP 100,000 whichever is less.
The limit of cover will not be reinstated following a claim, meaning that any payment made on a claim under this Extension will reduce the limit of cover for this
Extension available in respect of future claims.

8. Public Relations Expenses
Cover under this Section is extended to include the additional expenditure encouraged during the indemnity period of the employment of suitable public
relations personnel to deal with the press and public announcements and other activities.
Provided that:
    (a) the maximum indemnity period in respect to this clause will not exceed 3 months; and
    (b) the most we will pay in respect of an incident will not exceed GBP 10,000.

9. Research and Development Costs
Cover under this Section is extended to include of additional expenditure incurred during the indemnity period solely to reconstitute records and rework projects and
to restore research and development projects and to restore research and development projects to a state substantially similar to that which existed before the date
of an incident.
Provided that:
    (a) we will not pay for more than one third of the limit shown below in respect of such additional expenditure arising in the first quarter of the indemnity period
        following the date of the incident or more than an equal proportion of the balance of the limit shown below per month in respect of the additional expenditure
        in the remainder of the indemnity period;
    (b) the maximum indemnity period in respect of this clause will not exceed 12 months; and
    (c) the most we will pay in respect of any one claim is GBP 125,000.


Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                 Page 50 of 110
                                                                                                                                     Section 2: Business Interruption

10. Supply Undertaking
Cover under this section is extended to include a business interruption loss during the indemnity period as a result of damage to property:
   (a) at any land based premises;
   (b) comprising any land based connecting cable pipe or pylon to the terminal connecting point at the premises;
of any supply undertaking service provider or producer which you obtain:
        (i)     electricity including generating stations or substations;
        (ii)    gas including any natural gas producer linked directly to it;
        (iii)   water including any works an pumping stations;
        (iv)    telecommunications services excluding intranet or extranet services;
        (v)     other telecommunications services including intranet or extranet services.
We will not provide cover under this Extension for interruption or interference to your business:
        (i)     which does not involve a cessation of supply for at least two consecutive hours in respect of paragraph (c) above
        (ii)    caused by or arising from or attributable to any overhead transmission or distributing lines and their supporting structures other than those within one
                mile of the premises;
        (iii)    for any amount exceeding the limit of cover for this Extension or GBP 10,000,000 whichever is the less.


Exclusions Applicable to Section 2

The following exceptions apply to this Section, in addition to the General Exclusions of this policy
 1. Building Cracking or Collapse
We will not cover you against any loss arising from interruption or interference to your business consisting of or connected with damage to a building or a structure
caused by its own collapse or cracking unless directly caused by a defined peril provided it is not otherwise excluded.

 2. Cessation of Work
We will not cover you against any loss arising from interruption or interference to your business consisting of or connected with the cessation of work.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                  Page 51 of 110
                                                                                                                                        Section 2: Business Interruption
 3. Corrosion, Rot, Damp
We will not cover you against any loss arising from interruption or interference to your business consisting of or connected with:
    (a) corrosion, rust, wet or dry rot, shrinkage, evaporation, loss of weight, dampness, dryness, marring, scratching, vermin, or insects;
    (b) aridity, humidity; rising damp, exposure to extremes of temperature, to moisture, light or heat; or
    (c) change in temperature, colour, flavour, texture, or finish.
    but this will not exclude
           (i)    loss or damage which is the result of damage which is covered under this Policy; or
           (ii)   loss or damage which results from a defined peril.

 4. Heat
We will not cover you against any loss arising from interruption or interference to your business resulting from the property insured undergoing
    (a) any heating process; or
    (b) any process of production, packing, treatment, testing, commissioning, servicing, or repair involving the application of heat
but this will not exclude loss or damage which is the result of damage which is covered under this Policy.


 5. Inherent vice, Defective Workmanship, Operation of Machinery, Explosion
We will not cover you in respect of any loss from interruption or interference to your business consisting of or in connection with:
    (a) inherent vice, latent defect, gradual deterioration, wear and tear, frost, its own faulty or defective design or materials;
    (b) faulty or defective workmanship, or operational error or omission by your or any of your employees;
    (c) the operation of machinery, plant, apparatus or equipment unless such operation is in accordance with the manufacturer’s instructions or
        specification;
    (d) explosion occasioned by the bursting of a boiler (not being a boiler used for domestic purposes only) economiser or other vessel, machine or
        apparatus in which the internal pressure is due to steam only and belonging to or under your control.
but this will not exclude loss or damage which is the result of damage which is covered under this Policy.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                   Page 52 of 110
                                                                                                                                     Section 2: Business Interruption

 6. Leaks, Breakdown and Utilities
We will not cover you against any loss arising from interruption of or interference to your business consisting of or in connection with:
    (a) joint leakage, failure of welds, cracking, fracturing, collapse, or overheating of boilers, economisers, superheated pressure vessels, or any range
        of steam and feed piping used in connection to these;
    (b) mechanical or electrical breakdown or derangement in respect of the particular machine, apparatus, or equipment in which such breakdown or
        derangement originates;
    (c) the deliberate act of a supply undertaking in withholding the supply of water, gas, electricity, fuel, or telecommunications services;
but this will not exclude
        (i)      loss or damage which is the result of damage which is covered under this Policy; or
        (ii)     loss or damage which results from a defined peril.

 7. Maintenance Agreement
We will not cover you against any loss arising from interruption or interference to your business as a result of damage recoverable under any guarantee or
maintenance rental hire or lease agreement.


 8. Pollution
We will not cover you against any loss arising from interruption or interference to your business consisting of or connected with pollution or contamination but this
exception will not apply to damage to property insured directly caused by:
    (a) pollution, or contamination directly caused by a defined peril; or
    (b) defined peril resulting from pollution or contamination.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                  Page 53 of 110
                                                                                                                                    Section 2: Business Interruption

 9. Property Insured away from the Premises
We will not cover you against any loss arising from interruption or interference to your business as a result of damage to property insured:
    (a) from or on an unattended vehicle or trailer during working hours unless:
            (i) all doors, windows and other means of access have been secured and locked;
            (ii) any alarms are activated; and
            (iii) any property insured must be placed in the boot or similar luggage compartment of the vehicle to conceal it from sight and which is securely closed
                  and locked;
    (b) from or on an unattended vehicle or trailer out of working hours unless:
            (i) all doors, windows and other means of access have been secured and locked;
            (ii) any alarms are activated;
            (iii) any property insured must be placed in the boot or similar luggage compartment of the vehicle to conceal it from sight, and which is securely closed
                  and locked; and
            (iv) such vehicle or trailer is garaged in a securely closed and locked building or compound;
    (c) from or on an unattended soft topped open topped or open sided vehicle or trailer unless also involving theft of the vehicle or trailer;
    (d) where property insured is otherwise left unattended meaning it is not under your care, custody or control unless contained in a locked building
        of substantial construction or in a secure locked room;
    (e) in or on soft topped, open topped or open sided vehicles or trailers if caused by:
            (i) storm, tempest, water, hail, frost or snow;
            (ii) malicious persons when the vehicle or trailer is left unattended out of working hours.
This exclusion will not apply to entertainment equipment away from the premises whilst in transit and at an event location.

 10. Property not covered
We will not cover you against any loss arising from interruption or interference to your business in respect of:
    (a) glass other than fixed glass, china, earthenware, marble, or other fragile or brittle objects;
    (b) jewellery, precious stones, precious metals, bullion, furs, curiosities, works of art, or rare books;
other than loss directly caused by a defined peril.
    (c) land, land values, roads, pavements, piers, jetties, bridges, culverts, shafts, mines or excavations;
    (d) animals, growing crops, or trees;
    (e) bullion, foreign coins, counterfeit or substitute money;
    (f) explosives;
    (g) electricity, gas, water or telecommunication transmission lines or pipes except for such lines or pipes which you are responsible for or which are
        located on, under or over the premises.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                 Page 54 of 110
                                                                                                                                       Section 2: Business Interruption
 11. Subsidence
We will not cover you against any loss arising from interruption or interference to your business consisting of or connected with subsidence or ground heave or
landslip:
    (a) of yards, car-parks, roads, pavements, walls, swimming pools, hot tubs, tennis courts, drives, patios and terraces, gates and fences unless a
        building at the premises covered is also damaged; or
    (b) of solid floors of a building at the premises unless the walls of the building is also damaged by the same occurrence of subsidence or ground
        heave or landslip;
    (c) caused by or consisting of:
         (i)      the normal settlement or bedding down of new structures;
         (ii)     the settlement or movement of made-up ground;
         (iii)    coastal or river erosion;
         (iv)     defective design or workmanship or the use of defective materials;
         (v)      compaction of infill;
         (vi)     demolition, construction, structural alteration or repair of any property at the premises;
         (vii) groundworks or excavation at the premises; or
         (viii) fire, subterranean fire, explosion, earthquake or the escape of water from any tank, apparatus or pipe;
    (d) where damage originated prior to the inception of this Policy.

 12. Theft
We will not cover you against any loss arising from interruption or interference to your business caused directly by or consisting of theft or any attempted theft: by or
in collusion with any employee or any other person lawfully on the premises.


 13. Unoccupied Buildings
We will not cover you against any loss arising from interruption or interference to your business caused:
    (a) freezing;
    (b) escape of water from any tank, apparatus or pipe;
    (c) malicious persons, not acting on behalf of, or in connection with, any political organisation, other than fire or explosion;
    (d) theft or attempted theft;
in respect of any building which is unoccupied.

 14. Unexplained disappearances
We will not cover you against any loss arising from interruption or interference to your business, directly or indirectly, consisting of or connected with unexplained
disappearance, unexplained or inventory shortage, misfiling or misplacing of information.



Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                   Page 55 of 110
                                                                                                                                        Section 2: Business Interruption
 15. Water Table
We will not cover you against any loss arising from interruption or interference to your business solely due to change in the water table level.

Conditions Applicable to Section 2
The following conditions apply to this Section in addition to the General Conditions

1. Alternative Premises
If during the indemnity period services are rendered elsewhere than at the premises for the benefit of the business, either by you or on your behalf, the
money paid or payable for such services shall be taken into account in arriving at the revenue during the indemnity period.

2. Auditors and Accountants Charges
If your auditors or professional accountants produce any particulars or details required by us from your books of account or other business books or
documents, or any other proofs, information or evidence under the claims conditions of this Policy, we will pay you the reasonable charges payable by you to
their auditors or professional accountants, provided that the sum of such reasonable charges and any other amount payable under this Section will not exceed
the limit of cover under this Section.

3. Current Cost Accounting
For the purposes of this Section, any adjustment implemented in current cost accounting will be disregarded.

4. Departmental
If the business is conducted in departments, the independent trading results of which can be ascertained, Item 1. Under the Basis of Cover will apply separately
to each department affected.

5. New Business
If the business is in its first year of trading during the first policy period, and an incident occurs before completion of such first policy period, annual revenue
and standard revenue will mean the following
    (a) Annual Revenue - the proportional equivalent, for the period of twelve (12) months, of the revenue realised during the period between the date
        of commencement of the business and the date of the incident.
    (b) Standard Revenue - the proportional equivalent, for the period equal to the indemnity period, of the revenue realised during the period
        between the date of commencement of the business and the date of the incident.

6. Payments on Account
We will at your option make monthly payments on account, during the indemnity period.



Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                     Page 56 of 110
                                                                                                                                   Section 2: Business Interruption
7. Premium Adjustment
You may at our option provide us with a declaration confirmed by your auditors of the revenue earned during the financial year most nearly concurrent with an expired
policy. If any incident has occurred giving rise to a claim for loss of revenue the declaration will be increased by us for the purpose of premium adjustment by the
amount by which the revenue has reduced during such financial years solely in consequence of the incident. If such declaration of revenue, proportionately increased
where the maximum indemnity exceeds 12 months, is less than the limit of cover for revenue for the relative policy period will allow a pro rata return of premium not
exceeding 50% of the premium paid.

8. Trends adjustment
Adjustments will be made to the figures representing the annual revenue and the standard revenue that may be necessary to:
    (a) provide for the trend of the business; and
    (b) for variations in or other circumstances affecting the business, either before or after the incident;
    (c) and which would have affected the business had the incident not occurred,
so that the adjusted figures represent as near as reasonably practicable results which but for the incident would have been obtained during the relative
period after the incident..




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                Page 57 of 110
SECTION 3 – TERRORISM

What is Covered
Subject to all the terms, Exclusions and Conditions of this Policy, the insurance provided by Sections 1, and 2 is extended by this Section to include any:
     (a) loss of or damage to property insured; and
     (b)   where applicable under this insurance the loss from interruption of or interference with the business;
directly caused by terrorism occurring during the policy period.
Our limit of cover under this section in any policy period will not exceed the relevant limit of cover for each occurrence and in the aggregate for each of Sections
1 and 2 unless shown otherwise in the Schedule.
Definitions Applicable to Section 3
In this Section, wherever the following words appear in bold format, they will have the same meaning as defined here.

Certified Acts of Terrorism
Acts of persons acting on behalf of or in connection with any organisation which carries out activities directed towards the overthrowing or influencing by force or
violence of His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom or any other government de jure or de facto which are duly certified as such by His Majesty’s Government
or HM Treasury or any successor or other relevant authority as acts of terrorism.
Computer Data
data of any sort whatever, including without limitation tangible or intangible data, and any programs or software, bandwidth, cryptographic keys, databases, documents,
domain names or network addresses or anything similar, files, interfaces, metadata, platforms, processing capability, storage media, transaction gateways, user
credentials, websites, or any information whatever.

Computer Systems
a computer or other equipment or component or system or item which processes stores transmits or receives computer data.

Cyber Risks
any loss or losses, directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from or occasioned by or resulting from
    (a) damage to or the destruction of any computer system; or
    (b) any alteration, modification, distortion, erasure or corruption of data;
In each case whether the property is yours or not or not, where such loss is directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from or occasioned by or
resulting from virus or similar mechanism or hacking or phishing or denial of service attack.



Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                  Page 58 of 110
                                                                                                                                                  Section 3: Terrorism
Denial of Service Attack
any actions or instructions constructed or generated with the ability to damage, interfere with or otherwise affect the availability or performance of networks, network
services, network connectivity or computer systems. denial of service attack includes but is not limited to the generation of excess traffic into network addresses,
the exploitation of system or network weaknesses and the generation of excess or non-genuine traffic between and amongst networks and the procurement of such
actions or instructions by other computer systems.

Excluded Property:
1. any land or building which is insured in the name of an individual unless:
   (a) the property is of sole commercial use; or
   (b) it is insured in the name of a sole trader or a trustee or an executor and is not solely occupied as the private residence of the sole trader, or the
       trustee or the executor or a beneficiary of a trust or will; or
   (c) it is partially occupied as private residence and the commercially occupied portion of the property exceeds 20% and it is insured under the same
       policy as the remainder of the building which is not a private residence;
2. any nuclear installation or nuclear reactor and all fixtures and fittings situated thereon and attached thereto and all pipes, wires, cables, drains or other conduits
   or service media of any description which are affixed or connected to or in any way serve such nuclear installation or nuclear reactor;
3. solely in respect of the Cyber Risks extension under the ‘Extensions to Section 3’
   (a) any money, currency, electronic cryptographic or virtual currency including Bitcoin or anything similar, negotiable or non-negotiable instruments,
       financial securities or any other financial instrument of any sort;
   (b) any data;
4. property excluded in the Insurance to which this Extension attaches.


Hacking
unauthorised access to any computer system, regardless of whether it is your property or not.

Nuclear Installation
any installation of such class or description as may be prescribed by regulations made by the relevant Secretary of State by statutory instrument being an installation
designed or adapted for:
    (a) the production or use of atomic energy;
    (b) the carrying out of any process which is preparatory or ancillary to the production or use of atomic energy and which involves or is capable of
        causing the emission of ionising radiations; or
    (c) the storage, processing or disposal of nuclear fuel or of bulk quantities of other radioactive matter, being matter which has been produced or
        irradiated in the course of the production or use of nuclear fuel.

Nuclear Reactor
any plant (including any machinery, equipment or appliance, whether affixed to land or not) designed or adapted for the production of atomic energy by a fission
process in which a controlled chain reaction can be maintained without an additional source of neutrons.



Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                    Page 59 of 110
                                                                                                                                                 Section 3: Terrorism
Phishing
any access or attempted access to computer data or information made by means of misrepresentation or deception.

Virus or Similar Mechanism
program code, programming instruction or any set of instructions constructed with the purpose and ability, or purposely used, to damage, interfere with, adversely
affect, infiltrate or monitor computer programs, computer systems, computer data or operations, whether involving self-replication or not. The definition of virus or
Similar Mechanism includes but is not limited to trojan horses worms and logic bombs and the exploitation of bugs or vulnerabilities in a computer program to damage,
interfere with, adversely affect, infiltrate or monitor as above.

Extensions Applicable to Section 3
The following extensions will only apply in respect of damage directly caused by a certified act of terror,
    (a) to property insured, shown in the Schedule to this Insurance, situated in England and Wales and Scotland (but not the territorial seas adjacent
        thereto as defined by the Territorial Sea Act 1987) and not in Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man nor the Channel Islands; and
    (b) the certified act of terror occurs during the policy period.

1. Chemical, Biological or Nuclear Risks

Cover under this Section is extended to insure the damage to the property insured caused by the following, as a direct result of a certified act of terrorism:
    (a) ionising radiations or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel; or
    (b) the radioactive, toxic, explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component thereof; or
    (c) chemical and/or biological and/or radiological irritants, contaminants or pollutants.

We will not cover you under this Extension for any loss or any expenditure resulting or arising there from or any consequential loss directly or indirectly caused by or
contributed to by or arising from any of the above.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                  Page 60 of 110
                                                                                                                                                  Section 3: Terrorism
2. Cyber Risks
While cyber risks are excluded, losses otherwise falling within the exclusion of cyber risks will not be treated as excluded solely to the extent that such loss:
   (i) results directly (or, solely as regards (ii) C. below, indirectly) from
         A. fire, explosion, flood, escape of water from any tank, apparatus or pipe (including any sprinkler system),
         B. impact of aircraft or any aerial devices or articles dropped from them,
         C. impact of any sea-going or water-going vessel or of any vehicle or of any goods or cargo carried in or on such vessel or vehicle,
         D. destruction of, damage to or movement of buildings or structures, plant or machinery other than any computer systems; and
  (ii) comprises:
        A. The cost of reinstatement, replacement or repair in respect of damage to or destruction of the property insured by you; or
        B. the amount of business interruption loss suffered directly by you, by way of loss of or reduction in revenue or increased cost of working as a direct result
           of either, damage to or destruction of the property insured by you or as a direct result of denial, prevention or hindrance of access to or use of the
           property insured by you, by reason of terrorism causing damage to other property within one (1) mile of the property insured by you to which access
           is affected; or
        C. the amount of loss caused by the cancellation, abandonment, postponement, interruption, curtailment or relocation of an event as a result of damage to or
           destruction of the type of property not excluded by this insurance and any additional costs or charges reasonably and necessarily paid by you to avoid or
           diminish such loss; and
  (iii) Is not proximately caused by terrorism in relation to which the relevant organisation or any persons acting on behalf of or in connection with that organisation
        are controlled by, acting on behalf of or part of any de jure or de facto government of any nation, country or state.
   If one or more of the following occurs:
         A. fire, explosion, flood, escape of water from any tank, apparatus or pipe (including any sprinkler system),
         B. impact of aircraft or any aerial devices or articles dropped from them,
         C. impact of any sea-going or water-going vessel or of any vehicle or of any goods or cargo carried in or on such vessel or vehicle,
         D. destruction of, damage to or movement of buildings or structures, plant or machinery other than any computer systems;
   directly or indirectly, resulting in any alteration, modification, distortion, erasure or corruption of computer data, which, in turn, causes losses or costs detailed
   under subparagraph (ii) above, that will not prevent cost or business interruption loss falling within subparagraphs (i) and (ii) above, from being recoverable under
   this insurance. In this case, the data exclusion under (3) (b) of the definition of ‘Excluded Property’, will not apply.
   In no circumstances other than as provided in this paragraph, however, will any loss or losses directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by, arising from,
   occasioned by or resulting from any alteration, modification, distortion, erasure or corruption of computer data be recoverable under this Insurance.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                   Page 61 of 110
                                                                                                                                                    Section 3: Terrorism
While Exclusions under Section 1 and 2 and the General Exclusions will not apply to this ‘Extension to Section 3,’ the insurance extended under Extension 1 and 2
above excludes and does not cover:
1. any Excluded Property;
2. any losses whatsoever arising under Marine, Aviation, Transit, Motor or Bankers Bond policies or any form of reinsurance policy or agreement;
3. loss or losses occasioned by riot, civil commotion, war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), civil war, rebellion, revolution,
   insurrection or military or usurped power;
4. cyber risks

Exclusions Applicable to Section 3
The following exclusions will not apply to ‘Extensions to Section 3

1.   Cyber Risks
We will not cover you under this Section for loss or losses, directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from or occasioned by or resulting from
     (a) damage to or the destruction of any computer system; or
     (b) any alteration, modification, distortion, erasure or corruption of computer data;
In each case whether the property is yours or not, where such loss is directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from or occasioned by or resulting
from virus or similar mechanism or hacking or phishing or denial of service attack
2.   Hoax
We will not cover you under this Section for loss or increased cost as a result of threat or hoax.

3.   Prevention of Terrorism
We will not cover you under this Section for loss or damage caused by measures taken to prevent, suppress or control actual or potential terrorism or sabotage unless
agreed by us in writing prior to such measures being taken.

4.   Reinsurance
We will not cover you under this Section for any form of reinsurance policy or agreement.

5.   Riot or Civil Commotion
We will not cover you under this Section in respect of any loss directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by, or arising from, or occasioned by or resulting from
riot or civil commotion.
6.   Seizure or Illegal Occupation
We will not cover you under this Section for loss or seizure or illegal occupation unless the loss or damage is caused by terrorism.


Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                     Page 62 of 110
                                                                                                                                                 Section 3: Terrorism
7.    Theft
We will not cover you under this Section for loss or damage caused by or arising out of burglary, house - breaking, looting, theft or larceny.
8.    Unexplained Loss or Disappearance
We will not cover you under this Section for loss or damage caused by mysterious disappearance or unexplained loss.
9.    Vandalism
We will not cover you under this Section for loss or damage caused by vandals or other persons acting maliciously or by way of protests or strikes, labour unrest, riots
or civil commotion.
Conditions Applicable to Section 3
1. Burden of Proof
     In any action suit or other proceedings where we allege that any damage or loss resulting from damage is not covered by the General Cover Policy, the burden of
     proving that such damage or loss is covered will be your responsibility.


2. Seventy two (72) hour clause
     All claims for loss or series of losses under this Section sustained by you at the premises, directly arising out of and occasioned by any one act or series of
     terrorism carried out for the same purpose or cause, during any period of 72 consecutive hours, will be adjusted as one claim.
     However, no such period of 72 consecutive hours may extend beyond the expiry date of the Policy period shown in the Schedule unless you have first sustained
     direct physical damage by terrorism prior to expiration and within said period of 72 consecutive hours. Further, such period of 72 consecutive hours will not
     commence prior to the inception date of the Policy period shown in the Schedule. You may choose the date and time when any such period of 72 hours will
     commence provided that no two periods overlap and no period commences earlier than the date and time of the happening of the first recorded individual loss to
     you as a result of terrorism in question.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                  Page 63 of 110
SECTION 4 – MONEY
What is Covered
1. Money
We will cover you under this Section in respect of money which belongs to you or for which you are responsible, is lost, destroyed or damaged by any cause covered
under this Policy.
We will provide such cover for money within the geographical limits, and up to the limits of cover shown in this Section.
We will also cover you for:
(a) loss due to the fraud or dishonesty of any of your directors, partners or employees:
   (i)     discovered within 12 months of the occurrence; and
   (ii)   for an amount not exceeding GBP 25,000 and in the aggregate any one policy period;
(b) the cost of repair or replacement following loss, destruction or damage to:
   (i)    Safes, strong rooms, or franking machines for an amount not exceeding GBP 10,000 any one safe or strongroom;
   (ii)   Bags, cases or waistcoats used for the carriage of money valued at the time of the loss or damage;
  (iii)   Clothing and personal effects belonging to an insured person as a result of an assault injury or from the threat of an assault injury for an amount not
          exceeding GBP 500 any one insured person.
2. Assault Injury
We will cover you under this Section in respect of an insured person, who, while carrying out the business, and directly from robbery or attempted robbery involving
violence or the threat of violence suffers:
      (a) an assault injury resulting within 12 months which is directly and independently of any other cause in death or disablement;
      (b) emotional stress professional counselling, provided such counselling is recommended by a qualified medical practitioner and agreed to by us before costs
          are incurred.
We will pay to the insured person compensation in accordance with benefits listed in the Table of Benefits under this Section.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                              Page 64 of 110
                                                                                                                                                      Section 4: Money
Definitions Applicable to this Section
In this Section, and within the General Definitions of the Policy, wherever the following words appear in bold format, they will have the same meaning as defined here.
Assault Injury
An injury:
    (a) which is sustained by the insured person during the policy period; and
    (b) directly caused by accidental, violent, external, and visible means; and
    (c) Solely, without other cause, results in the:
            (i)   death; or
            (ii) loss of limb; or
           (iii) loss of sight; or
           (iv) temporary total disablement; or
            (v) permanent total disablement
         of an insured person within 24 consecutive months from the date of the accident/assault which caused the injury.
Benefits
The benefits listed under the Table of Benefits shown in this Section.

Business Hours
Your usual office hours and the working hours, including overtime, during which you, or your employees are on the premises for the purpose of the business.
Estimated Annual Carryings
Your estimate of the total value of negotiable money to be in transit during the policy period
Insured Person
You or any principal, director, or employee of yours aged between 16 and 70 years but excluding any person committing the robbery or attempted robbery.
In Transit
In transit in your personal custody, or in the custody of your employees, directors or authorised partner, or a security organisation approved by us, or by registered
post.
Loss of a Limb
Loss by physical separation of a hand, at or above the wrist, or of a foot, at or above the ankle, and includes total and irrecoverable loss of use of hand, arm, foot, or
leg which the insured person has survived for at least one month.

Loss of Sight
The total and irrecoverable loss of sight in one or both eyes.


Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                    Page 65 of 110
                                                                                                                                                   Section 4: Money
Money
Negotiable money and non-negotiable money belonging to you and for which you are responsible. Money will not include electronic cryptographic or virtual
currency, bullion, foreign coins, counterfeit or substitute money.

Negotiable Money
Cash, bank and currency notes, uncrossed cheques, giro cheques including pre-authenticated giro cheques, uncrossed warrants, uncrossed postal and money orders,
current postage and revenue stamps, National Savings stamps and certificates, holiday with pay stamps and gift tokens, National Insurance stamps (whether affixed
to cards or not), debit card sales vouchers, trading stamps, luncheon vouchers and bills of exchange, securities for money travel warrants and authenticated travel
tickets and phone cards for use by you or any of your partners, directors or employees in connection with the business, consumer redemption vouchers and company
sales vouchers and unexpired units in franking machines, all belonging to you or for which you have accepted responsibility.

Non-Negotiable Money
Crossed warrants, crossed cheques, crossed giro drafts, crossed postal and money orders, crossed bankers' drafts, crossed National Giro Bank cash cheques,
premium bonds, savings bonds, stamped National Insurance cards, National Savings Certificates, VAT purchase invoices and credit card sales vouchers, all belonging
to you or for which you have accepted responsibility.

Permanent Total Disablement
Disablement for at least 104, though not necessarily consecutive, weeks from engaging in, or giving attention to, a profession or occupation of any kind.

Temporary Partial Disablement
A disablement which continuously prevents the insured person from attending to a substantial part of their usual occupation.

Temporary Total Disablement
Temporary total disablement for less than 104, though not necessarily consecutive, weeks which prevents the insured person from attending to his usual business
or occupation.

Unattended
Any vehicle with no person in charge or where neither any insured person is in a position to keep the vehicle under observation and able to observe or prevent any
attempt by any person to interfere with the vehicle.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                 Page 66 of 110
                                                                                                                                                  Section 4: Money
Extension Applicable to Section 4
1.   Damage to the Premises
Provided that Section 1 Material Damage is covered under the Policy and in the event that buildings are not shown as covered in the Schedule, we will:
     (a) pay for the costs which you are responsible, and which you are necessarily and reasonably required to pay to repair damage to the premises as direct result
         theft or attempt theft of money within your premises and as covered by this Section; and
     (b) pay the cost temporary boarding up or making good necessary to keep the premises secure.
The most we will pay under this Extension in in respect of each and every occurrence is GBP 5,000


2.   Credit Cards
We will cover you for your legal liability for costs necessarily incurred by you as a result of use by an unauthorised person of:
     (a) bank cards,
     (b) credit cards,
     (c) charge cards, or
     (d) debit cards
belonging to you and for which you are responsible and arising before the card company has received notification that a card has been lost or stolen.
We will not cover you under this Section in respect of:
           (i)    any loss bought about by any failure to comply with the terms under which the card was issued;
           (ii)   any card issued personally to any of your directors, partners or employees;
          (iii)   losses arising after 48 hours from discovery of the loss of the card;
          (iv)   losses covered in whole or part by any other insurance, except in respect of any excess beyond      the amount which would have been payable under
         such other insurance had this Section not        been effected.
The most we will pay under this Extension is GBP 1,000 per occurrence.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                  Page 67 of 110
                                                                                                                                                        Section 4: Money
3.    Security Company Contingency Cover
 We will cover you in respect of loss of money in the custody of a security company covered under this Section if in the event of loss you are unable to recover such
 money from the security company under the terms of the agreement between the security company and you.
 Provided that
      (a) there must be in force an agreement between you and the security company in respect of money in the custody of a security company; and
      (b) you must provide us with a copy of the agreement between the security company and you at the start of the policy period; and
      (c) you must obtain our prior written consent before any changes are made to the agreement; and
      (d) you must comply with the terms of the security agreement.


 Exclusions Applicable to Section 4
 The following exceptions apply to this Section, as well as the General Exclusions of this Policy.

1.    Accounting or Clerical errors
 We will not cover you against loss or shortages due to clerical or accounting error or omissions.
 2.   Consequential Loss
 We will not cover you against consequential loss, including currency fluctuations, or damage of any kind.
 3.   Cryptocurrencies or Virtual currencies
 We will not cover you against any loss consisting of or connected with electronic cryptographic or virtual currency, including Bitcoin or similar virtual currency.




 Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                    Page 68 of 110
                                                                                                                                                         Section 4: Money
4.   Fraudulent use
We will not cover you under this Section:
     (a) against loss resulting from use of any form of payment which proves to be counterfeit, false, invalid, uncollectible or irrecoverable for any reason or the
         fraudulent use of a computer or electronic transfer; or
     (b) for fraudulent use of your bank details or the details of credit cards, bankers or account cards, without the loss of or theft of the physical credit cards, bankers
         or account cards or cheques; or
     (c) we will not cover you against loss due to the fraud or dishonesty of any of your directors, partners or employees:
          (i)    not discovered within 12 months of the loss; or
         (ii)    not on a permanent contract; or
         (iii)    any dishonest act or omission committed by your employees after you first became aware of            or had reasonable cause to suspect dishonesty on
         the part of that employee specifically   insured elsewhere.
5.   Personal Accident - Assault
We will not cover you for assault injury as a result of, or contributed to by:
     (a) the insured person having any physical or mental defect or infirmity, which was known to you or the insured person:
          (i)    at the start of this Policy; or
         (ii)    prior to the latest renewal of this Policy; and
         (iii)   which had not been declared to and accepted in writing by us;
     (b) assault injury to any person under the age of 16 years or over the age of 70 years.
6.   Unattended Vehicle
We will not cover you for loss or damage due to theft from an unattended vehicle
7. Safes, strongroom and machines
We will not cover you for damage arising from or in connection to loss or damage:
     (a) to any machine which uses coins, notes or tokens;
     (b) safes or strongrooms unless the key or keys to the specified safes or strongrooms are removed from the premises, or if a person is authorised to hold such
         keys and that person lives on the premises, that person removes all keys to that part of the premises in which that person actually lives.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                       Page 69 of 110
                                                                                                                                                  Section 4: Money
Conditions Applicable to Section 4

The following conditions apply to this Section, as well as the General Conditions of this policy.

 1. Protections and Procedures for Money
We will not pay a claim under this Section if you fail to comply with any of following conditions:
    (a) all protections and procedures, undertaken at our request, for the safety of money whilst in the premises, are maintained in full and operated throughout the
        policy period;
    (b) the keys for all protections, and any safes containing money, are removed from the premises out of business hours;
    (c) money in transit must be accompanied at all times by the described number of able-bodied adults and must be distributed equally during such transit:
         (i)    over GBP 7,000, 2 able bodied adults;
         (ii)   over GBP 15,000, 3 able bodied adults
    (d) the times of transit, and routes used will be varied as far as possible.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                               Page 70 of 110
                                                                                                                                                   Section 4: Money
2. Personal Accident Assault
Under this Section and in respect of the cover shown under the Table of Benefits:
    (a) compensation will not be payable under more than one of the benefits in connection with the same accident;
        (ii)   If Compensation is made under benefit Item No 2 – 4, this Section will thereafter cease to apply to the insured person;
        (iii) Compensation under benefits Item No 1, 2 and 3 will be paid to the insured person or the representatives of the insured person in the event of death
              of the insured person, if the death, loss or sight or the loss of limb of the insured person occurs within twenty four (24) months from the date of the
              robbery or attempted robbery causing the assault injury;
        (iv) permanent total disablement must last 104 weeks before benefit 4 becomes payable and will be paid for a maximum of two (2) years from the date of
             commencement of payment of the permanent total disablement benefit;
        (v) the weekly rate provided by benefit 5 as shown in the schedule will not exceed the rate of the pre-accident weekly earnings of the insured person;
        (vi) the weekly rate provided by benefit 5 as shown in the schedule will end if payment is made under benefit item no 1 - 4;
        (vii) no sum payable under this Section will carry interest;
       (viii) no benefit will be payable due solely to inability to take part in sports or pastimes.
    (a) Any certificates, information, and evidence required by us will be supplied, at yourexpense, in the form/format described by us . the insured person must
        allow medical examination(s) carried out on our behalf in connection with any claim, as often as required. the expense of the medical examinations will be
        paid for by us.
    (b) In the event of a claim being made for the cost of professional counselling, you must provide us with a recommendation for treatment in writing by a qualified
        medical practitioner;
3. Weekly Compensation
    In respect of claims payments made following an assault injury to an insured person we will pay you weekly compensation when the total amounts to be paid
    have been agreed, or at your request, at the end of four consecutive weeks disablement.




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                Page 71 of 110
                                                                           Section 4: Money
Table of Benefits Applicable to Section 4


  Personal Accident Assault
  Item No        Benefits                               Limit of Cover

  1              Death                                  GBP 25,000

  2              Loss of sight and/or loss of limb      GBP 25,000

  3              Permanent total disablement            GBP 25,000

  4              Temporary total disablement            GBP 100 per week

  5              Temporary partial disablement          GBP 50 per week

  6              The cost of professional counselling
                   (a)      Per hour                    GBP 50
                   (b)      any one insured person
                                                        GBP 1,000
                   (c)      In total
                                                        GBP 5,000




Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                       Page 72 of 110
SECTION 5 – EMPLOYER’S LIABILITY
What is Covered
We will cover you under this Section in respect of all sums that you will become legally liable to pay (including claimant’s costs and expenses) for bodily injury to
any employee arising out of and in the course of their employment or engagement by you, and caused during the policy period:

    (a) within the geographical limits;
    (b) whilst temporarily outside the geographical limits, provided that such employee is ordinarily resident within the geographical limits; and
    (c) provided that any act for compensation in respect of such injury is brought in a court of law within the said territories or any other member country
        of the European Union.

Defence Costs
We will pay:
    A. legal fees incurred with our prior written consent for representing you at:
         (i)    any coroner’s inquest or fatal accident inquiry in respect of any death; or
         (ii)   proceedings in any court of summary jurisdiction, arising out of any alleged bodily injury
       which may be the subject of cover under this Policy.
    B. reasonable and necessary costs and expenses incurred with our prior written consent in relation to the investigation, adjustment or appraisal of any occurrence
    that may be the subject of cover under this Policy.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                 Page 73 of 110
                                                                                                                                     Section 5: Employer’s Liability

How Much We Will Pay
The most we will pay for all compensation, costs and expenses payable, including interest and the costs of defending a Health and Safety legislation prosecution
in respect of any one claim or series of claims arising out of one occurrence will not exceed GBP 5,000,000 unless shown differently in the Schedule.
Provided that:
    (a) in respect of cover provided under this Section for terrorism, the limit of cover will not exceed GBP 5,000,000 unless shown
        otherwise in the Schedule;
    (b) in respect of the cover provided under this Section for the Corporate Manslaughter and Corporate Homicide Act 2007, the limit of cover
        will not exceed GBP 5,000,000 in any one policy period unless shown otherwise in the Schedule.
    (c) where we have already covered you in respect of legal costs or expenses incurred in connection with the defence of any criminal
        proceedings, including appeals against conviction arising from such proceedings, arising out of the same occurrence which gave rise to
        said proceedings under another Section of the Policy the amount paid under that Section will contribute to the maximum amount payable
        under this Section;
    (d) payments in relation to defence costs will be inclusive of the amount stated as the limit of cover.
If w e decide that by reason of this limitation any loss damage cost or expense is not covered the burden of proving the contrary will be yours.

Definitions Applicable to Section 5
In this Section, wherever the following words appear in bold format, they will have the same meaning as defined here.

Bodily Injury
death, injury, illness, or disease; and injury may also include nervous shock, mental anguish, and medically recognised psychiatric injury to an employee.

Employee
any person while working for you in connection with the business who is:
    (a) under a contract of service or apprenticeship with you;
    (b) hired to or borrowed by you;
    (c) engaged in connection with a work experience or training scheme;
    (d) a labour master or person supplied by them;
    (e) engaged by labour only sub-contractors;
    (f) a self -employed person working on a labour only basis under your control or supervision;
    (g) any voluntary helper;
    (h) a trainee or person undergoing work experience;
    (i) a driver or operator of hired-in plant;
    (j) any homework or outworker
    (k) any person under the Community Offenders Act 1978, the Community Service by Offenders (Scotland) Act 1978 or similar legislation; and
    (l) any person a court of law in the United Kingdom deems to be an employee



  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                              Page 74 of 110
                                                                                                                                      Section 5: Employer’s Liability


Offshore Installations
    (a) any installation in the sea or tidal waters which is intended for underwater exploitation of mineral resources or exploration with a view to such
        exploitation;
    (b) any installation in the sea or tidal waters which is intended for the storage or recovery of gas;
    (c) any pipe or system of pipes in the sea or tidal waters; and
    (d) any installation which is intended to provide accommodation for persons who work on or from (a), (b). or (c) above.

Offshore Work
the time of embarkation by an employee onto a conveyance at the point of final departure, to either an offshore installation or vessel, until disembarkation by an
employee from a conveyance onto land upon return from either an offshore installation or vessel.


Extensions Applicable to Section 5

1. Court Attendance Compensation
If during the policy period any partner, director or employee of yours is required to attend court as a witness at our request in connection with a claim which is
the subject of cover under this Section we will pay compensation to you on the following scale for each day that attendance is required
    (a) any director or partner GBP 750
    (b) any employee            GBP 250




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                Page 75 of 110
                                                                                                                                         Section 5: Employer’s Liability

2. Health and Safety at Work etc Act 1974
Cover under this Section is extended to include:
    (a) reasonable and necessary costs and expenses incurred with our prior written consent in relation to the investigation, adjustment or appraisal of any loss that
        may be the subject of cover under this Policy;
    (b) any appeal where legal counsel has advised that there is a reasonable prospect of success;
    (c) costs and expenses awarded against you, or a director or employee of yours;
in connection with a conviction resulting from a prosecution as a result of an alleged offence occurring during the policy period under:
           (i)    sections 2-8 of the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974, or
           (ii)   the Construction (Design & Management) Regulations 2015,
        or equivalent safety legislation of Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands, or the Isle of Man.

Provided that we will not cover you under this Extension:
                  (I)    for any excess; or
                  (II)   where the prosecution results from a deliberate management decision, act, or omission and which would knowingly or could reasonably have
                         been expected by you to result in a liability or the committing of an offence under the Act.

3. Indemnity to Other Parties
Cover under this Section is extended to include the following:
   (a) In the event of your death, to any personal representative of yours in respect of liability incurred by you and, if you so request, we will cover the following
       parties;
             (i) any officer or committee member or other member of your canteen, social, sports, welfare organisations, fire and security services or ambulance, first
                  aid and medical services against liability incurred in such capacity;
             (ii) any partner, director or employee of yours against liability incurred in such capacity and in respect of which you would have been entitled to cover
                  under this Section if the claim had been made against you;

        as though each party was individually named as covered under this Section;
    (b) any principal with which you have agreed to execute work under contract or agreement against liability arising out of the performance of such work by you
        and in respect of which you are legally liable and would have been entitled to cover under this Section if the claim had been made against you
Provided that:
             (i) each such party will observe, fulfil and be subject to the terms and conditions of this Section in so far as they can apply; and
             (ii) the most we will pay to you and all parties covered will not exceed the limit of cover shown in the Schedule.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                 Page 76 of 110
                                                                                                                                     Section 5: Employer’s Liability

4. Manslaughter and Culpable Homicide

Cover under this Section is extended to include:
   (a) reasonable and necessary costs and expenses incurred with our prior written consent in relation to the investigation, adjustment or appraisal of any loss that
       may be the subject of cover under this Policy;
   (b) costs and expenses awarded against you, or a director or employee of the yours;
   (c) any appeal where legal counsel has advises that there is a reasonable prospect of success;
in connection with a conviction resulting from a prosecution as a result of an alleged offence occurring during the policy period:
             (i) of manslaughter or culpable homicide; or
             (ii) of corporate manslaughter or corporate homicide under the Corporate Manslaughter and Corporate Homicide Act 2007 and where the circumstances
                  of the alleged offence may be the subject of cover under this Policy.

Provided that we will not pay:
                 (I)      for any excess;
                 (II)    where the prosecution results from a deliberate management decision, act, or omission and which would knowingly or could reasonably have
                         been expected by you to result in a liability or the committing of an offence under the Act;
                 (III)   costs and expenses provided by another source or any other insurance or where but for the existence of this Extension would have been
                         provided by such source or insurance; and
                 (IV)    costs and expenses incurred outside of the geographical limits.

5. Unsatisfied Court Judgements
In the event that a judgement for damages against a third party is, in the first instance, obtained:
    (a) from, or under the jurisdiction of, a court in Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands, or the Isle of Man;
    (b) by an employee, or the personal representative(s) of an employee;
    (c) which is in respect of bodily injury, caused during the policy period and arising out of the employee’s employment or engagement by you in the
        business; and
    (d) which remains unsatisfied in whole or in part six months after the date of such judgement; then, at your request we will pay to the employee, or the personal
        representative(s) of the employee, the amount of any damages or awarded costs to the extent that they remain unsatisfied.
Provided that:
             (i) there is no appeal outstanding;
             (ii) we will be entitled to take over, and prosecute for its own benefit, any claim against any other person, and you, the employee, or the personal
                  representative(s) of the employee, shall give all information and assistance required by us.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                              Page 77 of 110
                                                                                                                                         Section 5: Employer’s Liability

Exclusions Applicable to Section 5

The following exclusions apply to this Section, as well as the General Exclusions of this policy.

We will not cover you against liability including costs and expenses:

1. Offshore
That arises from visits, or offshore work by an employee.

2. Road Traffic Act
In respect of which compulsory insurance or security is required to be arranged by you under the Road Traffic Act 1988, or the Road Traffic (Northern Ireland) Order
1981, or any subsequent legislation amending or replacing such Act or Order.

Conditions Applicable to section 5
The following conditions apply to this Section, as well as the General Conditions of this policy.

1.Certificate of Employers’ Liability
If this Policy or Section is cancelled any Certificate of Employers' Liability Insurance issued will also be cancelled from the same date.

2.Compulsory Insurance Legislation
The cover provided under this Policy is deemed to be in accordance with such provision as any law relating to compulsory insurance of liability to employees in
Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands, or the Isle of Man, may require but you repay to us all sums paid by us, which we would not have been liable to
pay but for the provisions of such law.

3. Employers’ Liability Tracing Office
As members of the Employers’ Liability Tracing Office (ELTO), an independent industry body, we have to provide your Employer’s Reference Number (ERN) and all
your subsidiary company names and ERNs in order for this information to be added to their centralised electronic database. This database assists those who may
suffer a workplace injury or disease to identify the relevant Employers’ Liability insurer quickly. Therefore, it is important that you provide these details to us at the
inception of the Policy and promptly thereafter following any acquisition, removal or creation of any subsidiary company.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                   Page 78 of 110
SECTION 6 – PUBLIC AND PRODUCTS LIABILITY
What is Covered
We will cover you under this Section in respect of all sums that you will become legally liable to pay (including claimant’s costs and expenses) arising out of:

A. accidental personal injury to any person;
B. accidental loss of, or damage to, property;
C. accidental obstruction, loss of amenities, trespass, nuisance, or interference with any right of way, light, air, or water;
occurring during the policy period anywhere within the territorial limits arising in connection with the business including in relation to the supply of any product by
you.

Rights of Recovery
The cover provided under this Policy is deemed to be in accordance with such provision as any law relating to compulsory insurance of liability to employees in Great
Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man, may require, but you will repay to us all sums paid by us which we would not have been liable to pay,
but for the provision of such law.

Defence Costs
We will, subject to any excess, pay:
A. legal fees incurred with our prior written consent for your representation at:
    (i) any coroner’s inquest or fatal accident inquiry in respect of any death; or
    (ii) proceedings in any court of summary jurisdiction, arising out of any alleged bodily injury or loss of, or damage to, property;
which may be the subject of cover under this Policy.
B. reasonable and necessary costs and expenses incurred with our prior written consent in relation to the investigation, adjustment or appraisal of any occurrence
that may be the subject of cover under this Policy.
Payments stated in A and B above will be payable in addition to the limit of cover.
Where such payments are made in connection with legal proceedings that are or may be subject to the jurisdiction of the United States of America and/or Canada
and/or their respective possessions or protectorates, the limit of cover will be inclusive of all payments.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                 Page 79 of 110
                                                                                                                                Section 6: Public and Products Liability

How Much We Will Pay
The most we will pay under this Section:
    (a) for all compensation and claimants’ costs payable in respect of:
         (i)    any occurrence of bodily injury, personal injury or loss of or damage to property; or
         (ii)   all occurrences of bodily injury, personal injury, loss and damage to property during the policy period and caused by or arising from products;

will not exceed the limit of cover GBP 5,000,000 unless shown otherwise in the Schedule.
    (b) in respect of terrorism, will not exceed GBP 5,000,000 or the limit of cover shown in the Schedule (whichever is the lesser);
    (c) in respect of an occurrence of pollution or contamination during any one policy period, will not exceed GBP 5,000,000 or the limit of cover
        shown in the Schedule (whichever is the lesser);
If we determine that by reason of this limitation any loss damage or expense is not covered the burden of proving the contrary will be yours.


Definitions Applicable to Section 6
In this Section, wherever the following words appear in bold format, they will have the same meaning as defined here.


Bodily Injury
death, injury, illness, or disease; and injury may also include nervous shock, mental anguish, and medically recognised psychiatric injury to a person;

Personal Injury
bodily injury, and related wrongful arrest, detention, imprisonment, or eviction, of any person, and wrongful accusation of shoplifting.

Pollution
    (a) all pollution or contamination of buildings or other structures, or of water or land or the atmosphere, and
    (b) all bodily injury, loss or damage directly or indirectly caused by such pollution or contamination
All Pollution or Contamination which arises out of one incident will be deemed to have occurred at the time such incident takes place

Product
any product or goods (including packaging, containers, labelling, instructions, or advice, provided in connection therewith):
    (a) manufactured, sold, supplied, distributed, by or on behalf of, you;
    (b) erected, repaired, serviced, altered, treated, installed, or incorporated into any other product of yours;
in the course of the business, and which is not in your care, custody, or control.



  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                  Page 80 of 110
                                                                                                                                  Section 6: Public and Products Liability

Property
tangible property but this will not include information (including electronically stored information), money, intellectual property, or intangible property rights of any kind.

Territorial Limits
    (a) the geographical limits;
    (b) in respect of bodily injury, personal injury, loss or damage caused by or arising from manual and non-manual work occurring during any temporary visit or
        journey anywhere in the world by any partner, director or employee of yours who is normally resident within the geographical limits; and
    (c) in respect of bodily injury, personal injury, loss or damage caused by or arising from manual and non-manual work occurring anywhere in the world by any
        employee of yours who is not normally resident within the geographical limits whilst engaged outside of the geographical limits; and
    (d) anywhere in the world in respect of products.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                      Page 81 of 110
                                                                                                                              Section 6: Public and Products Liability


Extensions Applicable to Section 6

1. Clean- Up
For the purpose of this Extension the following definitions will apply:
    (a) Enforcing Authority - any government or statutory authority or body implementing or enforcing environmental legislation within the geographical limits;
    (b) Environmental Legislation - any legislation for the protection of the environment or control of pollution or contamination;
    (c) Remediation - works or operations to treat, remove or dispose of pollution.

However, this does not include works or operations to restore natural habitats or species protected under environmental legislation
In respect of pollution or contamination occurring within the geographical limits caused by a sudden identifiable, unintended and unexpected
incident which takes place in its entirety at a specific time and place during the policy period, cover under this Section is extended to include:
    (a) the cost of any remediation legally required or ordered by an enforcing authority in accordance with environmental legislation to be carried
        out by you, and
    (b) the cost of any remediation conducted by an enforcing authority sought from you by that enforcing authority in accordance with the terms
        of environmental legislation.
The cover under this Extension is provided only to the extent that the remediation cost relates to the minimums necessarily conducted under the provisions
of environmental legislation.

Provided that we will not cover you under this Extension for:
          (i)      costs of remediation carried out on or in order to protect any property belonging to you or in your care, custody or control, other than premises
                   not belonging to, leased, rented or hired to you, but temporarily in your charge for the purpose of carrying out work;
          (ii)     any claim outside the geographical limits;
          (iii)    costs in respect of the reinstatement or reintroduction of flora or fauna;
          (iv)     pollution consisting of any of any radioactive substances or asbestos;
          (v)      pollution caused by products;
          (vi)     pollution caused by or arising out of the ownership operation or use of any motor vehicle (whilst on any road), marine vessel or aircraft;
          (vii)    any measures to prevent the spread of any pollution or the removal of an immediate threat of pollution;
          (viii)   the removal or disposal of any waste deposited by, you or on your behalf;
          (ix)     any amounts payable by way of compensation to third parties affected by such pollution;
          (x)      any costs and expenses incurred by you, or prosecution costs and expenses awarded against you, in connection with any criminal proceedings arising out
                   of the pollution; or
          (xi)     any works or operations that improve the state or condition of water or land in comparison with its state or condition immediately prior to the
                   incident that caused the pollution.
The most we will pay under this Extension is GBP 1,000,000 per any one policy period.


  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                 Page 82 of 110
                                                                                                                           Section 6: Public and Products Liability

2. Cloakroom Liability
Cover under this Section is extended to include your liability for loss of or damage to any personal effects of guests, attendees or visitors whilst deposited
in any cloakroom at the premises or third-party premises.
We will not cover you under this Extension unless you:
    (a) issue numbered tickets in respect of articles deposited in any cloakroom;
    (b) ensure that cloakrooms are locked and secured when left unattended;
    (c) return items from the cloakroom only upon the production of the appropriate numbered ticket;
    (d) display a Disclaimer Notice in cloakroom areas; and
    (e) pay the excess of GBP 100 for each claim.
The most we will pay under this Extension is GBP 500 in total for property deposited by any one person.
For the purposes of this Extension, Exclusion 2 under Exclusions Applicable to Section 6 will not apply.

3. Consumer Protection Act 1987 and Consumer Rights Act 2015 and the Food Safety Act 1990
Cover under this Section is extended to include:
    (a) costs and expenses incurred with our prior written consent in relation to the investigation, adjustment or appraisal of any occurrence that may be the subject
        of cover under this Policy;
    (b) any appeal where legal counsel has advises that there is a reasonable prospect of success; and
    (c) costs and expenses awarded against you;

in connection with a prosecution for a conviction resulting from a prosecution as a result of an alleged offence under:

             (i) Part II of the Consumer Protection Act 1987; and
            (ii) Section(s) 7, 18, 14, and/or 15 of the Food Safety Act 1990;

which occurs during the policy period, and where the circumstances of the alleged offence may be the subject of cover under this Policy.
Provided that:

    (d) we will conduct and control of all the said proceedings and appeals; and
    (e) we will not pay:
           (i)   where the prosecution results from a deliberate management decision, act, or omission and which would knowingly or could reasonably have been
                 expected by you to result in a liability or the committing of an offence under the Act;
          (ii)   for all amounts which exceed the limit of cover for this Section.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                              Page 83 of 110
                                                                                                                              Section 6: Public and Products Liability

4. Contingent Employers Liability
Cover under this Section is extended to include:

    (a) legal liability for bodily injury to any employee engaged outside of the geographical limits (referred to as " overseas employee") arising out of and in the
        course of employment by you on behalf of the business and caused during the policy period;
    (b) a claim for damages and claimant's costs and expenses is made on behalf of an overseas employee by any state, social security or similar scheme
        exercising subrogation rights against you, subject otherwise to the terms, exclusions, limitations and conditions applicable to this Section.
We will not cover you under this Extension for:
         (i)    any Workers' Compensation or Employers' Liability insurance is required to be effected and maintained in any country or state to comply with
                the laws of that country or state;
        (ii)    cover provided by any social security or similar scheme in any country or state; or
        (iii)   insurance or security is required in accordance with any road traffic legislation in force in any country.
The total amount we will pay under (a) and (b) including all costs and expenses under this Extension in respect of any occurrence will not exceed GBP
5,000,000.
5. Contingent Non-Owned Motor Vehicle

Cover under this Section extends to include bodily injury, and damage to property, arising out of the use of any mechanically propelled vehicle or attached trailer,
used in connection with the business, which is not your property or which has been provided by you.
We will not provide cover under this Extension for:
    (a) damage to, any mechanically propelled vehicle, attached trailer, or to property contained within or carried on;
    (b) cover provided to any party under the Extension; Indemnity to Other Parties other than an employee;
    (c) arising out of any such use in any country outside of the European Union;
    (d) bodily Injury or damage to, property resulting while such vehicle is being:
         (i)    driven by you;
        (ii)    driven with your consent, or that of your representative, by any person who, does not hold a licence to drive such vehicle; unless such person has
                held and is not disqualified from holding or obtaining such a licence;
        (iii)   used in circumstances in which it is compulsory for you to insure or provide security as a requirement of any road traffic legislation;
For the purposes of this Extension, Exclusion 16 under Exclusions Applicable to Section 6 will not apply.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                  Page 84 of 110
                                                                                                                                 Section 6: Public and Products Liability

6. Contractual Liability
Cover under this Section is extended to include liability arising from bodily injury or damage to property assumed by you by a contract or agreement
entered into by you and which would not have attached in the absence of such contract or agreement. The cover provided by this Section will only apply
if the sole conduct and control of any claim is vested in us.
  We will not cover you under this Extension:
        (a) in respect of liquidated damages, or fines or damages imposed by or payable under any penalty clause
        (b) for losses which would otherwise be excluded under this Section or the Policy.


7. Court Attendance Compensation
Cover under this Section is extended to include that if during the policy period any principal, partner, director or employee of yours is required to attend
court as a witness at our request in connection with a claim which is the subject of cover under this Section. We will pay compensation to you on the
following scale for each day that attendance is required:
  (i)     any director or partner   GBP 750
 (ii)     any employee              GBP 250


8. Damage to Leased or Rented Premises
Cover under this policy extends to include liability for accidental loss of, or damage to, premises including fixtures or fittings leased or hired by, or rented to, you under
a contract or agreement.
We will not cover you under this Extension for:
        (a) liability assumed by you under such contract or agreement, which would not have attached in the absence of such contract or agreement, unless
            agreed to in writing by us;
        (b) for fire or any other peril against the extent to which such contract or agreement requires that insurance is effected;
        (c) arising out of breach of any term, condition, or warranty, under any other applicable insurance policy.
For the purposes of this Extension, Exclusion 2 under Exclusions Applicable to Section 6 will not apply.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                     Page 85 of 110
                                                                                                                          Section 6: Public and Products Liability

9. Data Protection
We will cover you and if you request any employee or director or partner of yours for damage or distress occurring as a result of an offence under Section 13
of the Data Protection Act 1998 or any subsequent overriding legislation committed during the policy period within the geographical limits and arising in
connection with the business.
Provided that:
    (a) you are a registered user in accordance with the terms of such legislation;
    (b) you are not in a business as a data processing bureau;
    (c) the claimant:
          (i)    is the subject of personal data held by you;
          (ii)   suffers damage or distress caused by inaccuracy, loss, unauthorised destruction or disclosure of or access to the data

We will not cover you under this Extension for:
    (a) any damage or distress caused by any deliberate act or omission by you, the result of which could reasonably have been expected by you, having regard
        to the nature and circumstances of such act or omission;
    (b) the cost in expenses of replacing reinstating rectifying or erasing blocking or destroying any data or personal data;
    (c) any damage or distressed caused by any act of fraud or dishonesty;
    (d) liability arising from the recording processing or provision of data or personal data for reward or to determine the financial status of any person; or
    (e) data and personal data will have the meaning defined in the Data Protection Act 1998 or any subsequent overriding legislation.
The most we will pay for all compensation, claimants' costs and expenses and other costs and expenses under this extension in respect of all claims occurring
during any one policy period will not exceed GBP 2,000,000.

10. Defective Premises Act
Your cover under this Section is extended to include your legal liability under: Section 3 of the Defective Premises Act 1972 or Section 5 of the Defective Premises
(Northern Ireland) Order 1975, in respect of the disposal of any of your premises which were occupied or owned by you in connection with the business.
We will not cover you under this Extension for:
    (a) the cost of remedying any defect, or alleged defect, in such premises; or
    (b) the presence of asbestos.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                            Page 86 of 110
                                                                                                                              Section 6: Public and Products Liability

11. Health and Safety at Work etc Act 1974
We agree to cover you for:
    (a) costs and expenses incurred with our prior written consent in relation to the investigation, adjustment or appraisal of a loss that may be the subject cover under
        this Policy;
    (b) any appeal where legal counsel has advises that there is a reasonable prospect of success; and
    (c) costs and expenses awarded against you, or your director(s) or employee(s);
in connection with a conviction resulting from a prosecution as a result of an alleged offence occurring during the policy period under:
             (i)   sections 2-8 of the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974;
            (ii)   Safety at Work (Northern Ireland) Order 1978;
           (iii) the Construction (Design & Management) Regulations 2015, or
        equivalent safety legislation of Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands, or the Isle of Man.

Provided that:
    (a) the proceedings relate to the health, safety or welfare of any person other than an employee;
    (b) we will have the conduct and control of all the said proceedings and appeals;

We will not cover you under this Extension
          (i)      where the prosecution results from a deliberate management decision, act, or omission and which would knowingly or could reasonably have been
                   expected by you to result in a liability or the committing of an offence under the Act;
          (ii)     for all amounts which exceed the limit of cover for this Section.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                  Page 87 of 110
                                                                                                                          Section 6: Public and Products Liability

12. Indemnity to Other Parties
Cover under this Section is extended to include:
    (a) in the event of your death, to any personal representative of yours in respect of liability incurred by you,
    (b) and if you so request we will cover the following parties:
            (i) any officer or committee member or other member of your canteen, social, sports, welfare organisations, fire and security services or
                 ambulance, first aid and medical services against liability incurred in such capacity;
           (ii) any partner, director or employee of yours against liability incurred in such capacity and in respect of which you would have been entitled to
                 cover under this Section if the claim had been made against you as though each party were individually named in this Section
           (iii) any principal for whom you have agreed to execute work under contract or agreement against liability arising out of the performance of such
                 work by you and in respect of which you are legally liable and would have been entitled to cover under this Section if the claim had been made
                 against you;
           (iv) any land or venue owner providing facilities to you under contract or agreement against liability arising out of the performance of work by you
                 and in respect of which you are legally liable and would have been entitled to cover under this Section if the claim had been made against you.
Provided that:
            (i) each such party must observe fulfil and be subject to the terms and conditions of this Section in so far as they can apply;
           (ii) the most we will pay for all amounts which exceed the limit of cover for this Section.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                           Page 88 of 110
                                                                                                                             Section 6: Public and Products Liability

13. Manslaughter and Culpable Homicide
Cover under this Section is extended to include:
    (a) costs and expenses incurred with our prior written consent in relation to the investigation, adjustment or appraisal of loss that may be the subject of cover
        under this Policy;
    (b) any appeal where legal counsel has advises there is a reasonable prospect of success;
    (c) costs and expenses awarded against you, or your director(s) or employee(s);
in connection with a conviction resulting from a prosecution as a result of an alleged offence occurring during the policy period:
           (i) of manslaughter or culpable homicide; or
           (ii) of corporate manslaughter or corporate homicide under the Corporate Manslaughter and Corporate Homicide Act 2007;
         where the circumstances of the alleged offence may be the subject of indemnity under this Policy.
Provided that we will not cover you under this Extension for:
         (i)    for any excess;
         (ii)   where the prosecution results from a deliberate management decision, act, or omission and which would knowingly or could reasonably have been
                expected by you to result in a liability or the committing of an offence under the Act;
         (iii) costs and expenses in connection with the defence of any criminal proceedings brought outside of the geographical limits.


The most we will pay under this Extension will not e xceed GBP 5,000,000 or the limit of cover shown in the Schedule (whichever is the lesser) in any one
policy period. All amounts payable will form part of and not be in addition to the limit of cover for this Extension.


14. Non-Negligence Liability Damage
Cover under this Section is extended to include compensation for any damage to third party premises including contents and/or any other property for which you
would be deemed responsible by contract or otherwise.
Provided that we will not cover you under this Extension for:
         (i)    the amount in excess of GBP 10,000 any one occurrence;
         (ii) any amount of excess at GBP 250;
         (iii) any liability in respect of loss or damage to any ground (including but not limited to any pitch, grass area or athletic track) where such damage would be
               regarded as inevitable and arising in the ordinary course of the business.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                 Page 89 of 110
                                                                                                                                Section 6: Public and Products Liability

15. Overseas Personal Liability
Cover under this Section is extended to include where you notify your intention to us, any director, partner, or employee, or any member of their family or persons
normally resident with them, against all sums in respect of:
    (a) bodily injury or
    (b) loss of, or damage to, property,
that they will become legally liable to pay as a result of loss during the period of insurance whilst travelling outside the geographical limits in connection with the
business.
Provided that we will not cover you under this Extension for:
         (i)     in respect of the ownership or occupation of land; or
         (ii)    where cover is provided by any other insurance.

16. Unauthorised Movement of Vehicles
We will cover you in respect of liability rising from any vehicle not owned, hired by, or loaned to you which is being driven by you or an employee who has your
permission, whilst such vehicle is being moved for the purpose of allowing free movement of any vehicle owned, hired by, or loaned to you or your employee.
Provided that:

    (a) movements are limited to vehicles parked on, or causing an obstruction to your premises or site at which you are working, or which are interfering with the
         business;
    (b) the vehicle causing the obstruction will only be driven by a person competent to drive the vehicle;
    (c) the vehicle causing the obstruction is driven using the owner’s ignition key.

We will not cover you under this Extension for:
         (i)     against damage to the vehicle; or
         (ii)    where compulsory insurance or security is available under any road traffic legislation governing the use of the vehicle.

For the purposes of this Extension, Exclusion 16 under exclusions applicable to Section 6 will not apply.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                 Page 90 of 110
                                                                                                                               Section 6: Public and Products Liability


Exclusions Applicable to Section 6
The following exclusions apply to this Section, as well as the General Exclusions of this policy.

1. Aircraft/Watercraft

We will not cover you against liability including costs and expenses arising from the ownership, possession, or use by you or on your behalf or by your employees
of any:
      (a) aircraft or other aerial device for travel through air or space;
      (b) watercraft but this exclusion shall not apply to liability caused by:
               (i) those used for business entertainment purposes within inland waters; or
               (ii) hand propelled or sailing watercraft within inland waters and not exceeding 75 feet in length
      (c) hovercraft or hydrofoil.

2. Care, Custody and Control

We will not cover you against liability including costs and expenses for loss of, or damage to, property belonging to, or in your care, custody, or control, other than:
    (a) employees’ or visitors’ personal effects;
    (b) any premises including its contents, not being premises leased or rented to you, which are temporarily occupied by you for the purpose of carrying out work
          in or to such premises;
    (c) premises (including the fixtures and fittings) leased, rented or hired to you, but this Section does not cover your liability solely under the terms of any tenancy
          or other agreement;
    (d) equipment not belonging, leased, rented or hired to you but temporarily in your charge for the purpose of carrying out work.

3. Contract Works and J.C.T. Liability

We will not cover you against liability including costs and expenses in respect of loss of or damage to any property
    (a) comprising or to be incorporated in the contract works in respect of any contract undertaken by you;
    (b) against which you are required to effect insurance under the terms of Clause 6.5.1. of the J.C.T. (R.I.B.A.) Conditions of Contract or of any other contract
          condition requiring insurance of a like kind.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                   Page 91 of 110
                                                                                                                                Section 6: Public and Products Liability

4. Cyber Risks

We will not cover you against liability including costs and expenses:

    (a) any loss, damage, liability, claim, fines, penalties, cost or expense of any nature directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by, resulting from, arising out
        of or in connection with any:
              (i) cyber act or cyber incident including, but not limited to, any action taken in controlling, preventing, suppressing or remediating any cyber act or
                 cyber incident; or
              (ii) loss of or damage to any data wherever it is stored.
    (b) however, this exclusion will not apply in respect of any actual or alleged liability for and/or arising out of:
              (i) bodily injury; or
              (ii) physical damage to or destruction of property,
        resulting from or arising out of a cyber incident, unless that cyber incident is caused by, contributed to by, resulting from, arising out of or in connection with
        a cyber act.

5. Damage to Products, Recall and Repair

We will not cover you against liability including costs and expenses:

    (a) for loss of or damage to product, supplied, delivered, installed or erected by you or on your behalf;
    (b) all costs of or arising from the need for making good, removal, repair, rectification, replacement or recall of
              (i) any product;
              (ii) any defective work executed by you or on your behalf.
       Except that (a) and (b)(i) above will not apply to liability in respect of loss of or damage to products if such loss or damage is caused by or arises
       from

              (i) any alteration, repair or servicing work executed; or
              (ii) any product, supplied, delivered, installed or erected
       by you under a separate contract.
6. Efficacy

We will not cover you against liability including costs and expenses arising out of the failure of a product or any part thereof to fulfill the purpose for which it was
intended or to perform as specified, warranted or guaranteed.



  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                    Page 92 of 110
                                                                                                                              Section 6: Public and Products Liability

7. Employee

We will not cover you against liability including costs and expenses for bodily injury sustained by an employee, which arises out of and/or in the course of his
employment or engagement by you.

8. Fines Penalties and Punitive

We will not cover you against liability including costs and expenses for fines, penalties, punitive damages, or exemplary damages.

9. Fireworks and Pyrotechnics
We will not cover you against liability including costs and expenses arising directly or indirectly in connection with the installation, erection, supply, repair,
maintenance, display, alteration, treatment, sale of any fireworks or pyrotechnics, other than any stage pyrotechnic devices or stage special effects
installed and/or erected as part of any entertainment show or event.
This Exclusion does not apply when you have contracted with a properly licenced entity or person who operates such fireworks or pyrotechnics.

10. Offshore Installation

We will not cover you against liability including costs and expenses arising out of any offshore installation owned, operated or controlled by you and any liability
arising out of activities performed on any offshore installation.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                 Page 93 of 110
                                                                                                                             Section 6: Public and Products Liability

11. PFAS and Alternative Chemicals
  1. We will not cover you against liability including costs and expenses arising out of all actual or alleged:
           (a)   loss,
           (b)   damage,
           (c)   compensation,
           (d)   injury or death,
           (e)   sickness or disease,
           (f)   medical payment,
           (g)   defence cost, or
      any other amount, directly or indirectly and regardless of any other cause contributing concurrently or in any sequence, originating from, caused by, arising out
      of, contributed to by, resulting from, or otherwise in connection with any PFAS.

  2. (a) to (g) includes, but is not limited to, any cost to clean-up, detoxify, remove, monitor, contain, test for or in any way respond to or assess the effect of any
      PFAS.


  3. For the purpose of this exclusion PFAS means:
           (a)   the substances shown below;
           (b)   any derivative(s) of the substances shown below;
           (c)   any substance:
                  (i)      that is used as an alternative to, or a replacement of, or in substitution of, or
                  (ii)   which provides or is intended to provide the same or similar function to, the substances shown below:
           (d)   any organic molecule, salt, free radical or ion, the composition of which includes at least one:
                  (i)      perfluorinated methyl group (-CF3); or
                  (ii)   perfluorinated methylene group (-CF2-).
  4. This Section also excludes any loss, liability, cost or expense arising out of any allegation or claim that such chemical product is dangerous or accumulation of
      that product is toxic to people.
  5. This Exclusion shall not apply to liability unrelated to the known or suspected harmful, injurious or damaging effects of the above for which this Policy would
      apply but for this Exclusion.
  6. If we allege that by reason of this Exclusion that loss sustained by you is not covered by this Policy, the burden of proving the contrary will be on you.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                Page 94 of 110
                                                                                                                                Section 6: Public and Products Liability

12. Pollution

We will not cover you against liability including costs and expenses arising directly or indirectly from any pollution or contamination:
           (a)    in the United States of America and/or Canada and/or their respective possessions or protectorates;
           (b)    elsewhere in the world, other than in those countries or territories referred to in (a) above, except where the pollution or contamination results from
                  a sudden, accidental, unexpected, and unintended, identifiable incident that takes place in its entirety at a specific identifiable time and place during
                  the policy period.

13. Product
We will not cover you against liability including costs and expenses arising from injury, loss or damage caused by or arising from products in respect of

           (a)    your liability solely under the terms of an agreement other than
                     (i)    under any warranty of goods implied by law;
                     (ii)   under any indemnity clause in any agreement between you and any independent carrier
                 in respect of bodily injury, loss or damage caused by products entrusted to such carrier for transit by road, rail or waterway
           (b)    any product installed or incorporated in any craft designed to travel in or through air or space and which to your knowledge was intended to be
                  installed or incorporated in any such craft.
           (c)    any claim made against you in any country outside the EU in which you occupy premises or are represented by any resident employee or
                  holder of your power of attorney.

14. Professional Services
We will not cover you against liability including costs and expenses arising out of any act, error, or omission, in the provision for a fee of any advice, design services,
instructions, or specification.
This Exclusion will not apply to first aid activities.

15. Property Damage Limitation
We will not cover you against liability including costs and expenses liability in respect of any loss of or damage to any ground (including but not limited to
any pitch, grass area or athletic track) where such damage would be regarded as inevitable and arising in the ordinary course of the business.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                   Page 95 of 110
                                                                                                                                   Section 6: Public and Products Liability

16. Vehicles
We will not cover you against liability including costs and expenses arising from the ownership, possession, or use:
           (a)   by you, or
           (b)   on your behalf by an employee;
of any mechanically propelled vehicle or attached trailer, whilst in use in circumstances where compulsory insurance or security is required by and road traffic legislation,
This exclusion shall not apply to liability caused by:
                    (i)     the loading or unloading of any such vehicle or trailer, arising beyond the limits of any carriageway or thoroughfare;
                    (ii)    any self-propelled mechanical plant, or any machinery or apparatus attached to any other vehicle, whilst used as a tool of trade;
provided always that you are not entitled to cover under any other policy.


Conditions Applicable to Section 6
The following conditions apply to this Section, as well as the General Conditions of this policy.

1. Bona Fide Sub Contractors
In respect of work commencing within the policy period, we will not cover you in respect of bodily injury, loss or damage to property arising out of or caused by
work undertaken on your behalf by Bona Fide Subcontractors unless such Subcontractors have in force throughout the duration of any work undertaken by them for
you, and for which you obtain and retain a written record as follows:
           (a)   Employers Liability insurance in accordance with any law relating to compulsory insurance of liability to employees; and
           (b)   Public Liability insurance covering legal liability for bodily injury to any person other than as described above under (a) and loss or damage to property
                 that:
                         (i) is subject to a limit of indemnity not less than that applying to this Section and shown in the Schedule;
                         (ii) includes an Indemnity to Principal extension; and
                         (iii) covers the work to be undertaken by Bona Fide Subcontractors on your behalf.
This condition does not apply where Bona Fide Subcontractors are engaged to carry out any work on your behalf in an emergency and there is insufficient time to
obtain written evidence of insurance provided that you must obtain verbal confirmation from such Subcontractors that insurance is described in (a) and (b) above and
is in force and confirm such conversation in writing and retain a copy as a written record.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                     Page 96 of 110
                                                                                                                                    Section 6: Public and Products Liability

2. Cross Liabilities
We agree that, if you comprise more than one party, we will treat each party as though a separate policy had been issued to each of them.
Provided that our liability in respect of any one claim, or in the aggregate during any one policy period, as applicable, will not exceed the limit of cover in respect of
all parties.


3. Discharge of Liability
We may at any time, at our own discretion, pay to you the limit of cover under this Policy, or any lesser sums for which any claim(s) can be settled.
After the deduction of any sum(s) already paid in connection with such claim(s), we will not be under further liability, except for the payment of defence costs and
expenses already agreed and incurred subject always to the limit of cover.
In the event of any claim(s) or series of claims resulting in your liability to pay in excess of the limit of cover, our liability by virtue of a judgement or settlement for
such costs and expenses, will not exceed an amount being in the same proportion as the limit of cover bears to the total payment made by you or on your behalf in
settlement of the claim(s).


4. Excess
The Excess will be subject to the following provisions:
               (c)   where we have incurred expenditure in the defence and/or settlement of any claim the excess shall be payable in whole or in part:
                         (iv) at any stage when in respect of a claim or loss sums have been paid in respect of damages, claimant’s and/or defence costs, and loss
                             adjusting expenses;
                         (v) at the settlement or closure of any claim; or
                         (vi) where at our own discretion we so require.
               (d)   we may at our own discretion, or where it is statutorily obliged to do so, pay sums falling within the excess to effect a settlement of any claim or
                     potential claim, and, upon notification that such a payment has been made, you will immediately reimburse us for the payment.
               (e)   the terms of this Policy, including without limitation those governing our rights in relation to the conduct and defence of claims and your duties in the
                     event of a claim, will not be affected or modified in any way by the existence or application of the excess.




   Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                     Page 97 of 110
GENERAL EXCLUSIONS (applicable to all sections)
1. Asbestos

We will not cover you for any damage, cost, liability, cost and expense arising directly or indirectly from the manufacture, supply, installation, storage, ownership,
possession, handling, use, repair, removal, stripping, dismantling, or disposal, of asbestos, or other materials, which you know, or has reason to suspect, contains
asbestos.
For the purpose of this exclusion ‘asbestos’ means asbestos or fibres or particles of asbestos or any material containing asbestos.

This Exclusion will not apply to Section 5 Employer’s Liability.

2. Chemical, Biological or Nuclear Risks
We will not cover you against any loss damage, liability, cost or expense, arising directly or indirectly, consisting of or in connection with:

          (a)   nuclear reaction, nuclear explosion, nuclear radiation or radioactive contamination, however such reaction, explosion, radiation or contamination may
                have been caused; or
          (b)   chemical, biological, or bio-chemical contaminants or pollutants.
This Exclusion will not apply to Sections 5 Employer’s Liability except for:
                    (i)    any principal of yours;
                    (ii)   cover assumed under a contract or agreement which would not have attached in the absence of such contract or agreement.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                              Page 98 of 110
                                                                                                                                                       General Exclusions
3. Cyber Risks Exclusion

We will not cover you under this Policy for:
          (a)    cyber loss, unless subject to the provisions of paragraph 1;
          (b)    loss, damage, liability, claim, cost, expense, directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by, resulting from, arising out of or in connection with any
                 loss of use, reduction in functionality, repair, replacement, restoration or reproduction of any data, including any amount pertaining to the value of such
                data, unless subject to the provisions of paragraph 2;
regardless of any other cause or event contributing at the same time or in any other sequence.

Subject to all the terms, conditions, limitations and exclusions of this Policy, we will cover you for:

     1. Physical loss or physical damage to property insured caused by any ensuing fire or explosion which directly results from a cyber incident, unless that
        cyber incident is caused by, contributed to by, resulting from, arising out of or in connection with a cyber act including, but not limited to, any action taken
        in controlling, preventing, suppressing or remediating any cyber act.
     2. The cost to repair or replace media itself plus the costs of copying the data from back-up or from originals of a previous generation, if the media owned or
        operated by you, suffers physical loss or physical damage covered by this Policy. These costs will not include research and engineering or any costs of
        recreating, gathering or assembling the data. If such media is not repaired, replaced or restored the basis of valuation will be the cost of the blank media.
        However, this Policy excludes any amount pertaining to the value of such data, to you or any other party, even if such data cannot be recreated, gathered or
        assembled.
     3. In the event any portion of this exclusion is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder will remain in full force and effect.
     4. This exclusion takes priority over any other term in this Policy, and, where any conflict arises between this exclusion and any other wording in the Policy or
        any endorsement which relates to cyber loss, data or media, then this exclusion replaces that wording.
For the purpose of this exclusion the following definitions will apply:

Cyber Loss
any loss, damage, liability, claim, cost or expense of whatsoever nature directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by, resulting from, arising out of or in connection
with any cyber act or cyber incident including, but not limited to, any action taken in controlling, preventing, suppressing or remediating any cyber act or cyber
incident.
Cyber Act
an unauthorised, malicious or criminal act or series of related unauthorised, malicious or criminal acts, regardless of time and place, or the threat or hoax involving
access to, processing of, use of or operation of any computer equipment.



  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                     Page 99 of 110
                                                                                                                                                         General Exclusions
Cyber Incident

          (c)    any error or omission or series of related errors or omissions involving access to, processing of, use of or operation of any computer equipment; or
          (d)    any partial or total unavailability or failure or series of related partial or total unavailability or failures to access, process, use or operate any computer
                 equipment.


5. Deliberate actions
We will not cover you under this Policy against any loss in respect of damage caused by a wilful act or neglect by you or on your behalf.

6. Excess
We will not cover the amount of the excess described in this Policy or shown in the Schedule.

7. Fines or Penalties
We will not cover you under this Policy against non-contractual fines, penalties, punitive or exemplary damages, or liquidated damages.

8. Marine
We will not cover you against any loss in respect of property that is covered by, or would, but for the existence of this Policy, be covered by any marine policy/ies,
except in respect of any excess beyond the amount which would have been payable under the marine policy/ies had this insurance not been effected.

9. Money
We will not cover you against loss or shortages of money due to depreciation or currency fluctuation.
We will also not cover loss:

          (e)    occasioned by errors or omissions;
          (f)    recoverable from a specialist security carrier
          (g)    from an unattended vehicle operated or under your control or under the control of any of your employees;
          (h)    covered by a policy of fidelity guarantee insurance;
          (i)    to electronic cryptographic or virtual currency, including Bitcoin or similar virtual currency.
10. Nationalisation
We will not cover you against any loss or liability arising directly or indirectly in consequence of nationalisation, confiscation, requisition, seizure or destruction by any
government or any public authority.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                      Page 100 of 110
                                                                                                                                                    General Exclusions
11. Northern Ireland
We will not cover you against any loss arising directly or indirectly in consequence of riot, civil commotion and (except in respect of any loss by fire or explosion)
strikers, locked out workers, persons engaged in labour disturbances or malicious persons in Northern Ireland.

12. Pressure waves
We will not cover you against any loss consisting of or in connection with pressure waves caused by aircraft, or other aerial devices, travelling at sonic or supersonic
speeds, but this will not exclude subsequent loss which itself results from a cause not otherwise excluded.

13. Terrorism
We will not cover you against:

        (a)       any loss occasioned by or happening through or in consequence directly or indirectly of an act of terrorism regardless of any other cause or event
                  contributing concurrently or in any other sequence to the loss;
        (b)       any loss cost or expense of any nature directly or indirectly, consisting of or in connection with, any action taken in controlling, preventing,
                  suppressing, or in any way related to an act of terrorism.
In any action, suit, or other proceedings where we allege that by reason of the provisions of this Exception any loss is not covered any Section of this Policy the burden
of proving that such loss is covered will be your responsibility.
For the purpose of this exclusion act of terrorism means any action, threat of action, or attempt at action, by any individual(s) or group(s) of individuals or body or
organisation(s), whether acting alone, on behalf of, or in concert with any other body, organisation, or government, where such action, threat, or attempt is designed to
influence, intimidate, or coerce, any government or international governmental organisation or the population or any section of the population, or any community, and
the action, threat, or attempt, is made for the purpose of advancing a political, religious, or ideological cause.
Act of terrorism includes but will not be limited to:

          (i)    the use of violence against any person;
          (ii)   the causing of loss of, or damage to, property;
          (iii) acts which endanger a person’s life;
          (iv) acts involving the use of biological or chemical materials or weapons, or any nuclear device, nuclear material, or radioactive substance;
          (v) acts which create a risk to the health of an individual, the public, or any section of the public;
          (vi) acts designed or intended to interfere with, disrupt, or cause the malfunction of, any electronic or mechanical equipment.
This exclusion will not apply to:

          (i)    Section 5 Employer’s Liability;
          (ii)   Section 6 Public and Products Liability, when shown as covered in the Schedule;
          (iii) Section 1 Material Damage, Section 2 Business Interruption and Section 4 Money when Section 3: Terrorism is shown as covered in the Schedule.

  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                 Page 101 of 110
                                                                                                                                                  General Exclusions
14. War
   We will not cover you against any loss or liability arising directly or indirectly, consisting of or in connection with:

     (a)        war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities or a warlike operation or operations (whether war be declared or not) civil war, rebellion, revolution,
                insurrection, sabotage, mutiny, martial law, military or usurped power;
     (b)        any action taken in controlling, preventing, suppressing or in any way relating to (a) above.
     This Exclusion will not apply to Section 5 Employer’s Liability.




 Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                Page 102 of 110
GENERAL CONDITIONS (applicable to all sections)
1. Abandonment
You will not in any case be entitled to abandon any property to us.

2. Alteration of Risk
You must notify us as soon as possible if any changes occur during the policy period which materially increase the risk of accident, bodily injury, loss, damage or
liability.
Following notification of any such change we will be entitled to vary the premium and terms for the rest of the policy period. If the changes make the risk unacceptable
to us then we may no longer be able to provide you with cover.
If you do not notify us of any such change this Policy may be affected in one or more of the following ways depending on what we would have done had we known
about the change in circumstances:
        (a) if we would not have continued to provide you with any cover we may treat this policy as if it did not exist from the date of the change in circumstances; or
        (b) if we would have applied different terms to the cover we may treat this policy as if those different terms applied from the date of the change in circumstances;
            and/or
        (c) if we would have charged you a higher premium for providing the cover we will charge you the additional premium which you must pay in full.
You should keep a record (including copies of letters) of all information supplied to us in connection with this insurance.

3. Assignment
You must not assign any of the rights or benefits under this Policy or any Section of this Policy without our prior written consent. We will not be bound to accept or be
affected by any notice of trust charge lien or purported assignment or other dealing with or relating to this Policy or any Section of this Policy.

4. Automatic Reinstatement
In the absence of written notice by us or you to the contrary, the ‘Aggregate’ limit of cover under Sections 1 and 2 will not be reduced by the amount of any loss,
unless the application of this condition is specifically excluded.
However, for this condition to apply you must pay the appropriate additional premium, agreed between us and you, on the amount of the loss from the date of loss to
the date of expiry of the policy period.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                  Page 103 of 110
                                                                                                                                                    General Conditions
5. Average
In respect of property insured on Day One basis, under Section 1 each declared value is to be subject to Average.
This means that:
        (a) if at the time of any damage the declared value for any item shown in the Schedule is less than the cost of its reinstatement at the start of this policy
            period then:

                   (i)    the most we will pay for that damage will be limited to that proportion which the declared value bears to the cost of reinstatement at
                          beginning of this policy period; and
                   (ii)   you will have to pay the cost of the difference as though you were your own insurer.
        (b) if at the time of damage, the limit of cover stated in the Schedule is less than the value of the property insured then:

                   (i)    you will be responsible for the difference in value; and
                   (ii)   the most we will pay for damage will be limited to that proportion which the value of the property insured or building bears to limit of cover.
In respect of Section 2 -Business Interruption;

        (a) if the limit of cover by any item on revenue is less than the annual revenue, or
        (b) if the Departmental Trading condition applies and is less than the aggregate of the sum produced by the annual revenue for each department of the
            business, whether affected by the incident or not;
then the amount payable will be proportionately reduced.
The amount of the annual revenue will be proportionately increased when the maximum indemnity period exceeds 12 months.

6. Building Works on an Adjoining Site
You must give immediate notice to us in respect of subsidence, landslip, and ground heave.
If any building demolition or excavation operations are carried out on any site adjoining the premises, we will have the right to vary or cancel the cover against loss
consisting of or connected with subsidence, landslip, and ground heave.

7. Contracting Purchaser
If, at the time of loss, the insured has contracted to sell his interest in any of the premises and the purchase has not been completed, if and to the extent the property
is not otherwise insured against such loss by or on behalf of the purchaser, the purchaser will be entitled to benefit under section 1, without harm to the rights and
liabilities of the insured and the insurer, until completion.

8. Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
A person who is not party to this Policy has no rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, or any subsequent legislation amending or replacing such
Act, to enforce any term of this Policy but this will not affect any right or remedy available to a third party, which exists or is available separately from that Act.

  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                Page 104 of 110
                                                                                                                                                     General Conditions
9. Designation
For the purpose of determining the Item under which any property is insured the insurer agrees to accept the designation under which such property has been entered
in the insured’s books.

10. Discharge of Liability

We may at any time, at our own discretion, pay to you:
    (a) the limit of cover under this Policy, or
    (b) any lesser sums for which any claim(s) can be settled,
After the deduction of any sum(s) already paid in connection with such claim(s), we will not be under further liability, except for the payment of defence costs and
expenses already agreed and incurred subject always to the limit of cover.
Provided that in the event of any claim(s) or series of claims resulting in your liability to pay in excess of the limit of cover, our liability by virtue of a judgement or
settlement for such costs and expenses, will not exceed an amount being in the same proportion as the limit of cover bears to the total payment made by you or on
your behalf in settlement of the claim(s).

11. Excess
All claims under this Policy for loss arising out of any one occurrence, will be adjusted separately. From the amount of each adjusted loss, the amount shown in the
Schedule as the excess for the relevant Section will be deducted after application of the terms, conditions, and provisions of this Policy including any condition of
Average.
The limit(s) of cover and sub-limit are inclusive of the excess.

12. Fraudulent claims clause
If you or anyone acting on your behalf, makes a claim which is fraudulent or fraudulently exaggerated or supported by false statement or means or evidence under
this insurance contract, we :

    (a) will not be liable to pay the claim;
    (b) may recover from you any sums paid by us to you in respect of the claim;
    (c) may by notice to you treat the contract as having been terminated with effect from the time of the fraudulent act; and
    (d) we will not pay any claims and we will not be required to return any premium to you.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                  Page 105 of 110
                                                                                                                                                      General Conditions
13. Loss Reduction Condition
If you do not comply with any part of any condition which makes payment of a claim conditional to your fulfilment of it, then we will not pay for any claim, except that
where the condition concerned

     (a) operates only in connection with particular premises or locations, we will pay for claims arising out of an loss occurring at other premises or locations which
         are not specified in the condition;
     (b) operates only at particular times, we will pay for any claim where you show on the balance of probabilities that your non-compliance with the condition did
         not cause or contribute to the injury, loss, damage or liability which occurred;
     (c) would, if complied with, tend to reduce particular types of injury, loss, damage or, as the context may require liability, we will pay for any claim where you
         show on the balance of probabilities that its non-compliance with the condition did not cause or contribute to the injury, loss, damage or liability which occurred.

14. Non Aggregation of Limit
The maximum we will pay in respect of each Extension, will be the sub-limit subject to the limit of cover with respect to each item of cover listed in the Schedule.
Except with respect to claims under Section 1 – Material Damage, in the event a claim involves cover under more than one Extension of a Section, you will only be
entitled to cover under the Extension which:

     (a) provides the more specific cover; or if there is not a more specific extension;
     (b) has the highest limit.
If a policy limit of cover is shown in the Policy or the Schedule, the maximum amount we will pay in respect of a single occurrence in total across all sections of this
policy, irrespective of the number of premises or locations affected, will be the policy limit of cover.

15. Premium Adjustment
If any part of the premium or renewal premium is based on estimates declared by you, then you must keep an accurate record containing all relevant particulars in
making that estimate. You must also allow us to inspect such record. in addition to any other declaration requirements specified in this policy, you must, within one
month after the expiry of each policy period, provide us with a declaration, for such expired policy period, of:

     (a) wage roll,
     (b) payments to sub-contractors,
     (c) overall turnover;
The premium will then be adjusted based on the difference between the estimate and the declaration. The difference in premiums will be paid by or allowed to you.
however, if you do not supply the information required under this general condition, then we will be entitled to charge a reasonable additional premium.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                   Page 106 of 110
                                                                                                                                                    General Conditions
16. Professional Accountants
If we require any particulars or details contained in your books of account or other business books, records, or documents, for investigating or verifying any claim, a
report may be produced by the professional accountants or auditors acting regularly for you, their report will be considered evidence of the particulars and details to
which such report relates.
We will pay to you the reasonable charges payable by you to their professional accountants or auditors for producing such particulars or details or any other proof,
information, or evidence, as may be required by us.

17. Reinstatement
If we elect or becomes bound to reinstate any property insured, you will at your own expense produce and give to us all such plans, documents, books, and
information as we may reasonably require. We will not be required to reinstate exactly or completely but only in a reasonably sufficient manner, as circumstances
permit. We will not in any case be bound to pay in respect of any one of the items shown in the schedule more than the limit of cover stated.

18. Several liability
This insurance may be provided by more than one insurer (if so, this will be stated in the “Schedule of Subscribing Insurers”). Each insurer is only responsible for their
own share of the risk. For example, if one insurer has a twenty percent (20%) share, they will take twenty percent (20%) of the premium and is responsible for paying
twenty percent (20%) of a claim. No one insurer is responsible for another insurer’s share of the risk, in any circumstances.

19. Subrogation Waiver
We agree to waive any rights, remedies, or relief to which it might become entitled by subrogation against:
   (a) any company standing in the relation of parent to subsidiary (or subsidiary to parent) to you.
   (b) any company which is a subsidiary of a parent company of which you are a subsidiary.
In the event of damage not excluded under this policy to computer equipment, we will waive rights of subrogation against any user of the computer equipment
provided that such user:

         (i)    has your authority to use the computer equipment; and,
         (ii)   will observe, fulfil and be subject to the terms, exclusions and conditions of this policy as if he/she were you.

20. Value Added Tax
To the extent that you are accountable to the tax authorities for Value Added Tax all terms in this Policy will be exclusive of such tax.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                Page 107 of 110
SANCTIONS NOTICE
We will not be deemed to provide cover and we will not be liable to pay any claim or provide any benefit hereunder to the extent that the provision of such cover,
payment of such claim or provision of such benefit would expose that (re)insurer to any sanction, prohibition or restriction under United Nations resolutions or the trade
or economic sanctions, laws or regulations of the European Union, United Kingdom or United States of America.




DATA PROTECTION NOTICE


How Liberty Specialty Markets uses your personal information
Liberty Specialty Markets takes the protection of your personal data seriously and is committed to protecting your privacy. There are a number of different companies
within our group. The specific company within Liberty Specialty Markets which acts as the "data controller" of your personal data will be the organisation providing your
policy as set out in the documentation that is provided to you. If you are unsure you can also contact us at any time by e-mailing us at:
dataprotectionofficer@libertyglobalgroup.com or by post at Data Protection Officer, Liberty Specialty Markets, 20 Fenchurch Street, London EC3M 3AW, UK. Where
you provide us or your agent or broker with details about other people, you must provide this notice to them.
In order for us to deliver our insurance services, deal with any claims or complaints that might arise and prevent and detect fraud, we need to collect and process
personal data. The type of personal data that we collect will depend on our relationship with you: for example as a policyholder, third party claimant or witness to an
incident. Your information will also be used for business and management activities such as financial management and analysis. this may involve sharing your
information with, and obtaining information about you from, our group companies and third parties such as brokers, credit reference agencies, reinsurers, claims
handlers and loss adjusters, professional advisors, our regulators or fraud prevention agencies. we also collect personal data about our suppliers and business
partners (such as brokers) for the purposes of business management and relationship development.
Please see the full privacy notice available at www.libertyspecialtymarkets.com/privacy-cookies for further information on how your personal data is used and the rights
that you have in relation to the personal data we hold about you. Please contact us using the details above if you wish to see the privacy notice in hard copy.




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                Page 108 of 110
COMPLAINTS PROCEDURE
Liberty Mutual Insurance Europe SE aims to provide a high quality service to all its customers. In the event that you are dissatisfied please contact us so we can do
what we can to help. We take complaints very seriously and aim to address all concerns fairly and efficiently. If you feel that we have not offered you this standard or
you have any questions about your contract or the handling of a claim, then in first instance you should contact your insurance broker or intermediary who arranged
this insurance for you or the branch that issued the Policy.
If you are still not satisfied with the service and wish to make a complaint you may do so in writing or verbally using the contact details below, quoting your Policy and/or
claim number:
                Compliance Officer                                      or Compliance Officer
                Liberty Mutual Insurance Europe SE                           Liberty Mutual Insurance Europe SE
                20 Fenchurch Street,                                         5-7 rue Leon Laval L-3372 Leudelange, the Grand Duchy of
                London EC3M 3AW,                                             Luxembourg
                Tel +44 (0) 20 3758 0840                                     Tel +352 28 99 13 00
                Email: complaints@libertyglobalgroup.com                     Email complaints@libertyglobalgroup.com

If after making a complaint and you are still not satisfied you may be entitled to refer the dispute to the Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS) which is a free and
impartial service, who may be contacted at:
             Exchange Tower
             Harbour Exchange
             London, E14 9SR
             Tel: 0800 023 4567
             Email: enquiries@financial-ombudsman.org.uk
Alternatively as Liberty Mutual Insurance Europe SE is a Luxembourg insurance company, you are also entitled to refer the dispute to any of the following dispute
resolution bodies:
 Commissariat aux Assurances,                                                                                      or       Médiateur en AssurancesACA,
 7, boulevard Joseph II,                                                                                                    12, rue Erasme,
 L-1840 Luxembourg                                                                                                          L-1468 Luxembourg
 (+352) 22 69 11 – 1                                                                                                        (+352) 44 21 44 1
 caa@caa.lu                                                                                                                 mediateur@aca.lu
 www.caa.lu                                                                                                                 https://www.ulc.lu/fr/organes/detail.asp?T=2
                                                                                                                            &D=descr&ID=6




  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                                   Page 109 of 110
FOS
You also have the right to refer your complaint to the Financial Ombudsman free of charge, but you must do so within six (6) months of the date of the final response
letter.
If you do not refer your complaint in time, the Ombudsman will not have our permission to consider your complaint and so will only be able to do so in very limited
circumstances. For example, if the Ombudsman believes that the delay was as a result of exceptional circumstances.


The Financial Ombudsman Service Exchange Tower
London E14 9SR
Website: www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk
elephone: 0800 023 4567 or 0300 123 9123
Email: complaint.info@financial-ombudsman.org.uk


Using our complaints procedure or contacting the FOS does not affect your legal rights.
The European Commission has an online dispute resolution service for consumers who have a complaint about a product or service bought online. If you choose to
submit your complaint this way it will be forwarded to the Financial Ombudsman Service.
Visit https://ec.europa.eu/odr to access the Online Dispute Resolution Service.
Alternatively you can contact the Financial Ombudsman Service directly.

COMPANY INFORMATION
Liberty Mutual Insurance Europe SE (LMIE) trading as Liberty Specialty Markets, a member of the Liberty Mutual Insurance Group. Registered office: 5-7 rue Leon
Laval, L-3372, Leudelange, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, Registered Number B232280 (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés). LMIE is a European public limited
liability company and is supervised by the Commissariat aux Assurances and licensed by the Luxembourg Minister of Finance as an insurance and reinsurance
company.
LMIE’s UK branch registered address is 20 Fenchurch Street, London, EC3M 3AW which is authorised by the Commissariat aux Assurances and subject to limited
regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority (registered number 829959). Details about the extent of regulation by the Financial
Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority are available from LMIE on request.
www.libertyspecialtymarkets.com
LMIEPC2P


  Entertainment Combined Property Policy                                                                                                            Page 110 of 110
