                                                                                                                     Focus
                                                                                                                     Policy document




                                                                                    Tysers Focus Policy – May 2020
                                                                                                                     May 2020




                                        Tysers Insurance Brokers Limited
                                        7 Blue Barns Business Park, Old Ipswich
                                        Road, Ardleigh, Colchester, Essex CO7 7FX
                                        United Kingdom

                                        Registered Office – 71 Fenchurch Street,
                                        London EC3M 4BS.

                                        Tel: 01206 500 000
                                        Fax: 01206 752 216
                                        www: www.tysers.com
                                                                                                                     Arranged by       Underwritten by
                                                                                    Version 6.2




                                        E-mail: colchester@tysers.com

                                        Registered Number – 2957627 England

                                        Authorised and Regulated by the Financial
                                        Conduct Authority – Firms Reference
ZCX320AA.03 (PP719153003) (03/20) CMS   Number 305496
    Contents
    Data protection statement                                                3
    Important notes                                                          6
    Our complaints procedure                                                 7
    Your “Focus” Combined ‘All Risks’ Media policy                           8
    General Definitions                                                      9
    Section 1 – Production Property                                          12
    Section 2 – Property Damage ‘All Risks’                                  18
    Section 3 – Business Interruption ‘All Risks’                            26
    Section 4 – ‘Money’                                                     38
    Section 5 – Production Insurance – Multimedia and Producers Indemnity   40
    Section 6 – Employers’ Liability                                         45
    Section 7 – Public and Products Liability                               48
    Section 8 – Professional Indemnity/Errors and Omissions                  55
    Section 9 – Personal Accident and Business Travel                       64
    General Provision                                                       100
    General Exclusions                                                      101
    General Conditions                                                      103




2
Data protection statement
Who controls your personal information
This notice tells you how Zurich Insurance plc (‘Zurich’), as data controller, will deal with your personal information. Where Zurich
introduces you to a company outside the group, that company will tell you how your personal information will be used.

You can ask for further information about our use of your personal information, or complain about its use in the first instance, by
contacting our Data Protection Officer at: Zurich Insurance Group, Tri-centre 1, Newbridge Square, Swindon, SN1 1HN or by emailing
the Data Protection Officer at GBZ.General.Data.Protection@uk.zurich.com.

If you have any concerns regarding our processing of your personal information, or are not satisfied with our handling of any request
by you in relation to your rights, you also have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office. Their address is:
First Contact Team, Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF.

What personal information we collect about you
We will collect and process the personal information that you give us by phone, email, filling in forms, including on our website, and
when you report a problem with our website. We also collect personal information from your appointed agent such as your trustee,
broker, intermediary or financial adviser in order to provide you with the services you have requested and from other sources, such as
credit reference agencies and other insurance companies, for verification purposes. We will also collect information you have
volunteered to be in the public domain and other industry-wide sources.

We will only collect personal information that we require to fulfil our contractual or legal requirements unless you consent to provide
additional information. The type of personal information we will collect includes: basic personal information (i.e. name, address and
date of birth), occupation and financial details, health and family information, claims and convictions information and where you have
requested other individuals be included in the arrangement, personal information about those individuals.

If you give us personal information on other individuals, this will be used to provide you with a quotation and/or contract of insurance
and/or provision of financial services. You agree you have their permission to do so. Except where you are managing the contract on
another’s behalf, please ensure that the individual knows how their personal information will be used by Zurich. More information
about this can be found in the ‘How we use your personal information’ section.

How we use your personal information
We and our selected third parties will only collect and use your personal information (i) where the processing is necessary in connection
with providing you with a quotation and/or contract of insurance and/or provision of financial services that you have requested; (ii) to
meet our legal or regulatory obligations, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; (iii) for our “legitimate interests”.
It is in our legitimate interests to collect your personal information as it provides us with the information that we need to provide our
services to you more effectively including providing you with information about our products and services. We will always ensure that
we keep the amount of information collected and the extent of any processing to the absolute minimum to meet this legitimate interest.

Examples of the purposes for which we will collect and use your personal information are:

•      to provide you with a quotation and/or contract of insurance

•      to identify you when you contact us

•      to deal with administration and assess claims

•      to make and receive payments

•      to obtain feedback on the service we provide to you

•      to administer our site and for internal operations including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and
       survey purposes

•      for fraud prevention and detection purposes.

We will use your health information and information about any convictions for the purposes of providing insurance, and this includes
arranging, underwriting, advising on or administering an insurance contract between you and us.

We will contact you to obtain consent prior to processing your personal information for any other purpose, including for the purposes
of targeted marketing unless we already have consent to do so.




                                                                                                                                                 3
    Who we share your personal information with
    Where necessary, we share personal information for the purposes of providing you with the goods and services you requested with the
    types of organisations described below:

    •      associated companies including reinsurers, suppliers and service providers

    •      brokers, introducers and professional advisers

    •      survey and research organisations

    •      credit reference agencies

    •      healthcare professionals, social and welfare organisations

    •      other insurance companies

    •      comparison websites and similar companies that offer ways to research and apply for financial services products
    •      fraud prevention and detection agencies.

    Or, in order to meet our legal or regulatory requirements, with the types of organisations described below:

    •      regulatory and legal bodies

    •      central government or local councils

    •      law enforcement bodies, including investigators

    •      credit reference agencies

    •      other insurance companies.

    We may also share the following data with the types of organisations outlined above, for the purpose of statistical analysis, research
    and improving services:

    •      anonymised data – data encrypted to make it anonymous, which protects an individual’s privacy by removing personally
           identifiable information

    •      pseudonymised data – personally identifiable information replaced with a pseudonym to make the data less identifiable, such as
           replacing a name with a unique number

    •      aggregated data – similar groups of data, such as age, profession or income which are expressed as a summary for statistical
           analysis.

    How we use your personal information for websites and email communications
    When you visit one of our websites we may collect information from you such as your email address or IP address. This helps us to
    track unique visits and monitor patterns of customer website traffic, such as who visits and why they visit.

    We use cookies and/or pixel tags on some pages of our website. A cookie is a small text file sent to your computer. A pixel tag is an
    invisible tag placed on certain pages of our website but not on your computer. Pixel tags usually work together with cookies to assist
    us to provide you with a more tailored service. This allows us to monitor and improve our email communications and website. Useful
    information about cookies, including how to remove them, can be found on our websites.

    How we transfer your personal information to other countries
    Where we transfer your personal information to countries that are outside of the UK and the European Union (EU) we will ensure that
    it is protected and that the transfer is lawful. We will do this by ensuring that the personal information is given adequate safeguards by
    using ‘standard contractual clauses’ which have been adopted or approved by the UK and the EU, or other solutions that are in line
    with the requirements of European data protection laws.

    A copy of our security measures for personal information transfers can be obtained from our Data Protection Officer at: Zurich
    Insurance Group, Tri-centre 1, Newbridge Square, Swindon, SN1 1HN, or by emailing the Data Protection Officer at GBZ.General.Data.
    Protection@uk.zurich.com.




4
How long we keep your personal information for
We will keep and process your personal information for as long as necessary to meet the purposes for which it was originally collected.

There are a number of factors influencing how long we will keep your personal information, and these are shown below:

•      to comply with applicable laws and regulations or set out in codes issued by regulatory authorities or professional bodies

•      our business processes, associated with the type of product or service that we have provided to you

•      the type of data that we hold about you

•      if your data relates to any ongoing, pending, threatened, imminent or likely dispute, litigation or investigation

•      to enable us to respond to any questions, complaints, claims or potential claims

•      if you or a regulatory authority require us to keep your data for a legitimate purpose.

Your data protection rights
We will, for the purposes of providing you with a contract of insurance, processing claims, reinsurance and targeted marketing, process
your personal information by means of automated decision making and profiling where we have a legitimate interest and/or you have
consented to this.

You have a number of rights under the data protection laws, namely:

•      to access your data (by way of a subject access request)

•      to have your data rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete

•      in certain circumstances, to have your data deleted or removed

•      in certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of your data

•      a right of data portability, namely to obtain and reuse your data for your own purposes across different services

•      to object to direct marketing

•      not to be subject to automated decision making (including profiling), where it produces a legal effect or a similarly significant
       effect on you

•      to claim compensation for damages caused by a breach of the data protection legislation

•      if we are processing your personal information with your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.

You can exercise your rights by contacting our Data Protection Officer at: Zurich Insurance Group, Tri-centre 1, Newbridge Square,
Swindon, SN1 1HN or by emailing the Data Protection Officer at GBZ.General.Data.Protection@uk.zurich.com.

What happens if you fail to provide your personal information to us
If you do not provide us with your personal information, we will not be able to provide you with a contract or assess future claims for
the service you have requested.




                                                                                                                                           5
    Important notes
    Fraud prevention and detection
    In order to prevent and detect fraud we may at any time:

    •      check your personal data against counter fraud systems

    •      use your information to search against various publicly available and third party resources

    •      use industry fraud tools including undertaking credit searches and to review your claims history

    •      share information about you with other organisations including but not limited to the police, the Insurance Fraud Bureau (IFB),
           other insurers and other interested parties.

    If you provide false or inaccurate information and fraud is identified, the matter will be investigated and appropriate action taken.
    This may result in your case being referred to the Insurance Fraud Enforcement Department (IFED) or other police forces and fraud
    prevention agencies. You may face fines or criminal prosecution. In addition, Zurich may register your name on the Insurance Fraud
    Register, an industry-wide fraud database.

    Claims history
    We may pass information relating to claims or potential claims to the Claims and Underwriting Exchange Register (CUE), where the
    data is controlled by the Motor Insurers’ Bureau, and other relevant databases.

    We and other insurers may search these databases when you apply for insurance, when claims or potential claims are notified to us or
    at time of renewal to validate your claims history or that of any other person or property likely to be involved in the policy or claim.

    This helps to check information provided and prevent fraudulent claims.

    Employers’ Liability Tracing Office (ELTO)
    We are members of the Employers’ Liability Tracing Office (ELTO), an independent industry body who maintains a centralised database
    that helps those who have suffered injury or disease in the workplace to identify the relevant Employers’ Liability insurer quickly and
    efficiently.

    It is important, for the services of ELTO to be fully effective, that you inform us of your ERN (Employer Reference Number also known
    as the Employer PAYE reference) and all subsidiary company names and their ERNs if applicable.

    As members of ELTO we will forward details of your policy if it contains Employers’ Liability cover to ELTO together with details of any
    ERNs you have supplied to us.




6
Our complaints procedure
Our commitment to customer service
We are committed to providing a high level of customer service. If you feel we have not delivered this, we would welcome the
opportunity to put things right for you.

Who to contact in the first instance
Many concerns can be resolved straight away. Therefore in the first instance, please get in touch with your usual contact at Zurich or
your broker or insurance intermediary, as they will generally be able to provide you with a prompt response to your satisfaction.

Contact details will be provided on correspondence that we or our representatives have sent you.

Many complaints can be resolved within a few days of receipt
If we can resolve your complaint to your satisfaction within the first few days of receipt, we will do so. Otherwise, we will keep you
updated with progress and will provide you with our decision as quickly as possible.

Next steps if you are still unhappy
If you are not happy with the outcome of your complaint, you may be able to ask the Financial Ombudsman Service to review your
case.

We will let you know if we believe the ombudsman service can consider your complaint when we provide you with our decision.
The service they provide is free and impartial, but you would need to contact them within 6 months of the date of our decision.

More information about the ombudsman and the type of complaints they can review is available via their website www.financial-
ombudsman.org.uk.

You can also contact them as follows:

Post:		           Financial Ombudsman Service, Exchange Tower, London, E14 9SR

Telephone:        08000 234567 (free on mobile phones and landlines)

Email:		          complaint.info@financial-ombudsman.org.uk

If the Financial Ombudsman Service is unable to consider your complaint, you may wish to obtain advice from the Citizens Advice
Bureau or seek legal advice.

The Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS)
We are covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) which means that you may be entitled to compensation if we
are unable to meet our obligations to you. Further information is available on www.fscs.org.uk or by contacting the FSCS directly on
0800 678 1100.




                                                                                                                                         7
    Your “Focus” Combined ‘All Risks’ Media policy
    This is a contract between you and us.

    This policy and any schedule, endorsement and certificate should be read as if they are one document.

    We will insure you under those sections stated in the schedule during any period of insurance for which we have accepted your
    premium. Our liability will in no case exceed the amount of any sum insured or limit of indemnity stated in this policy, the schedule or
    any endorsement to this policy.

    Any reference to the singular will include the plural and vice versa.

    Any reference to any statute or statutory instrument will include any amendments thereto or re-enactment thereof.

    Any heading in this policy is for ease of reference only and does not affect its interpretation.

    Law applicable to this contract
    In the UK the law allows both you and us to choose the law applicable to this contract. This contract will be subject to the relevant law
    of England and Wales, Northern Ireland, Scotland, the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands depending upon your address stated in the
    schedule. If there is any dispute as to which law applies it will be English law.




    This is a legal document and should be kept in a safe place.

    Please read this policy and any schedule and endorsement carefully and if they do not meet your needs contact Tysers Insurance
    Brokers Limited or your insurance intermediary.




8
General Definitions
Certain words in this policy have special meanings. These meanings are given below and apply where the words appear in bold.

Average
If at the time of the damage the sum insured is less than the full reinstatement value of the property insured the amount we will pay
will be reduced in proportion to the amount of the underinsurance.

For the avoidance of doubt solely in respect of the application of average to any item under this policy clause c) iii) of General
Condition 7 – Fair Presentation of the Risk will not apply.

Bodily Injury
Death, injury, illness or disease.

Business
The business stated in the schedule including:

a)     the provision and management of canteen, social, sports and welfare organisations for the benefit of your employees; and

b)     first aid, fire and ambulance services maintenance of property and premises owned or occupied by you.

Business Interruption
Loss resulting from interruption of or interference with the business carried on by you at the premises in consequence of damage to
property used by you at the premises for the purpose of the business.

Damage
Accidental loss, destruction or damage.

Data Processing System
Any computer or data processing equipment or media or microchip or integrated circuit or any similar device or any computer software
or computer firmware.

Defined Peril
Fire, lightning, explosion, aircraft or other aerial devices or articles dropped therefrom, riot, civil commotion, strikers, locked-out
workers, persons taking part in labour disturbances, malicious persons (excluding thieves), earthquake, storm, flood, escape of water
from any tank apparatus or pipe or impact by any mechanically propelled vehicle or by goods falling therefrom or animal.

Denial of Service Attack
Any actions or instructions constructed or generated with the ability to damage, interfere with or otherwise affect the availability of
networks, network services, network connectivity or information systems. Denial of service attacks include but are not limited to the
generation of excess traffic into network addresses, the exploitation of system or network weaknesses and the generation of excess or
non-genuine traffic between and amongst networks.

Employee
Any natural person who is:

a)     under a contract of service or apprenticeship with you
b)     a labour master or labour only subcontractor or persons supplied by any of them
c)     self employed
d)     under a work experience or similar scheme
e)     hired or borrowed by you from another employer
f)     a volunteer operating under your control or supervision
and working for you in connection with the business.

Excess
The amount stated in this policy, the schedule or any endorsement for which you will be responsible and which will be deducted from
any payment under this policy after all other terms and conditions have been applied.

Hacking
Unauthorised access to any computer or other equipment or component or system or item which processes stores, transmits, retrieves
or receives data whether belonging to you or not.




                                                                                                                                          9
     Money
     Any current coinage, current bank and currency note, postal order, cheque, banker’s draft, bill of exchange, unused unit in any postage
     stamp franking machine, postage stamp, revenue stamp, National Savings certificate, Holiday-with-Pay stamp, Premium Savings Bond,
     luncheon voucher, trading stamp, phonecard (excluding any phonecard held in stock for resale), credit card sales voucher, consumer
     redemption voucher and gift token accepted by you and VAT purchase invoice all pertaining to the business and belonging to you or
     your responsibility.

     Nuclear Installation
     Any installation of such class or description as may be prescribed by regulations made by the relevant Secretary of State from time to
     time by statutory instrument being an installation designed or adapted for:

     a)     the production or use of atomic energy

     b)     the carrying out of any process which is preparatory or ancillary to the production or use of atomic energy and which involves
            or is capable of causing the emission of ionising radiation

     c)     the storage, processing or disposal of nuclear fuel or of bulk quantities of other radioactive matter being matter which has been
            produced or irradiated in the production or use of nuclear fuel.

     Nuclear Reactor
     Any plant including any machinery, equipment or appliance whether affixed to land or not designed or adapted for the production of
     atomic energy by a fission process in which a controlled chain reaction can be maintained without an additional source of neutrons.

     Pollution or Contamination
     a)     All pollution or contamination of buildings or other structures or of water or land or the atmosphere; and

     b)     all loss or damage or bodily injury directly or indirectly caused by such pollution or contamination.

     Premises
     The premises as stated in the schedule.

     Production
     Any film, video, multimedia production or conference or event (excluding where income is generated by speculative ticket sales)
     undertaken by you.

     Reinstatement
     a)     The rebuilding or replacement of property suffering damage which provided always that our liability is not increased may be
            carried out:

            i)     in any manner suitable to your requirements

            ii)    upon another site

     b)     the repair or restoration of property suffering damage

     c)     in either case to a condition equivalent to or substantially the same as but not better or more extensive than its condition
            when new.

     Special Definitions
     Wherever words commencing with a capital letter appear in a section following Special Definitions they will have the same defined
     meaning within that section of this policy.

     Territorial Area
     Area 1 – Premises
     At the premises.

     Area 2 – UK and Europe
     At the premises or anywhere in the United Kingdom, Isle of Man, Channel Islands, any other member state of the European Union,
     Norway, Andorra, Switzerland, Monaco, Liechtenstein, Gibraltar, San Marino, Iceland, Turkey west of the Bosphorus Strait and the city
     of Istanbul.

     Area 3 – Worldwide
     At the premises or anywhere in the world.




10
Terrorism
a)     In respect of England including the Channel Tunnel up to the frontier with the Republic of France as set out by the Treaty of
       Canterbury 1986, Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man and Channel Islands but not the territorial seas adjacent
       thereto as defined by the Territorial Sea Act 1987, the Territorial Sea Act 1987 (Isle of Man) Order 1991, the Territorial Sea Act
       1987 (Jersey) Order 1997 and Territorial Sea Act 1987 (Jersey) (Amendment) Order 2002:

       acts of persons acting on behalf of or in respect of any organisation which carries out activities directed towards the
       overthrowing or influencing by force or violence of Her Majesty’s government in the United Kingdom or any other government
       de jure or de facto

b)     in respect of elsewhere than as described in a) above:

       any act or preparation in respect of action or threat of action designed to influence the government de jure or de facto of any
       nation or any political division thereof or in pursuit of political, religious, ideological or similar purposes to intimidate the public
       or a section of the public of any nation by any person or group whether acting alone or on behalf of or in respect of any
       organisation or government de jure or de facto and which:

       i)      involves violence against one or more persons

       ii)     involves damage to property

       iii)    endangers life other than that of the person committing the action

       iv)     creates a risk to health or safety of the public or a section of the public

       v)      is designed to interfere with or to disrupt an electronic system

c)     any action in controlling, preventing, suppressing, retaliating against or responding to any act or preparation in respect of action
       or threat of action described in a) or b) above.

Virus or Similar Mechanism
Program code, programming instruction or any set of instructions intentionally constructed with the ability to damage, interfere with or
otherwise adversely affect computer programs, data files or operations, whether involving self-replication or not. The definition of virus
or similar mechanism includes but is not limited to Trojan horses, worms and logic bombs.

We, Us, Our or Ourselves
Zurich Insurance plc.

You or Your, Yours or Yourselves
The person, people either acting in partnership or on behalf of an incorporated organisation or the company stated in the schedule as
the insured and in respect of section 8 including your predecessors.




                                                                                                                                                  11
     Section 1 – Production Property
     Special Definitions
     Damage
     Damage to Property Insured by a cause not otherwise excluded.

     Property Insured
     The property insured stated in the schedule.

     Sub-Section 1 a) Technical Equipment
     a)     Any film, video, projection, sound, recording, lighting, grip, generators, staging, post production and associated equipment; and

     b)     any property used in connection with conferences, events and product launches; and

     c)     property as more specifically described in the schedule under Sub-Section 1 a).

     Sub-Section 1 b) Props, Sets and Wardrobe
     Props, sets, scenery, models, costumes, wardrobe and similar theatrical property owned by you or for which you are responsible.

     Sub-Section 1 c) Specified Items
     Any item as described in the schedule under Sub-Section 1 c).

     General Average
     A legal principle of maritime law to which all parties in a sea venture proportionally share any losses resulting from a voluntary sacrifice
     of part of the ship’s cargo to save the whole adventure in an emergency.

     Salvage Charges
     Charges which apply in maritime law to compensate a third party in the event of a successful salvage due to a voluntary act by that
     third party independent of any contract.


     The Cover
     In the event of Damage occurring within the territorial area stated in the schedule during the period of insurance we will pay you the
     value of the property at the time of its damage or at our option reinstate or replace such property or any part of it.

     Provided always that our liability under this section will not exceed in the whole the total sum insured or in respect of any item its sum
     insured or any other limit of indemnity stated in the schedule at the time of the Damage.


     Clauses Applicable to Section 1
     1.1    Automatic Reinstatement of Sum Insured
            In the absence of written notice by us or you to the contrary the insurance hereby will not be reduced by the amount of any
            loss in consideration of which you will pay the appropriate extra premium on the amount of the loss from the date thereof to
            the expiry of the period of insurance.

            Provided always that:

            a)      the aggregate of the amounts so reinstated for losses by theft during any one period of insurance will not exceed the
                    amount of the sum insured

            b)      you will take immediate steps to effect such additions to or variations in the protections of the Property Insured as we
                    may require.

     1.2    Capital Additions
            This section includes alterations and additions to the schedule of Property Insured but not in respect of appreciation in value
            and provided always that the increased sum insured will not exceed 15% of the total sum insured under this section. You
            undertake to give particulars of such extension of cover as soon as practicable and to effect specific insurance thereon
            retrospective to the date of commencement of our liability.




12
1.3   Change of Premises
      The property that is insured within territorial area 1 - premises is covered while in transit from an existing premises to a new
      premises in Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man.

      Provided always that:

      a)     our liability in respect of each item for any Damage occurring elsewhere than at the premises will not exceed 100% of
             the sum insured applicable to territorial area 1 - premises by the item

      b)     this clause will not apply to property in so far as it is otherwise insured

      c)     you undertake to advise us of such transit as soon as possible.

1.4   Hire of Alternative Property
      This section includes:

      a)     the reasonable cost necessarily incurred of hiring alternative property including ancillary and transit costs to continue
             shooting or fulfil future commitments.

             Provided always that our liability will:

             i)      commence from the date of the Damage and end when such property has been repaired or replaced

             ii)     not exceed £50,000 in respect of any one accident or series of accidents arising out of one occurrence

      b)     your legal liability for damage under the terms of the hiring agreement or otherwise to the alternative property hired in
             to replace such property which has sustained Damage provided always that our liability will not exceed £250,000 any
             one accident or series of accidents arising out of one occurrence.

1.5   Import Duties
      This section includes customs duty payable by you in the event you are unable to produce equipment you have imported for
      the purposes of the business and detailed on the inventory agreed on arrival in consequence of its Damage.

      Our liability in respect of all losses arising from one occurrence or all occurrences of a series consequent upon or attributable to
      one or original cause is 90% of the duty payable on the said equipment or £25,000 whichever is the lesser.

1.6   Involuntary Betterment
      In the event that new property of like kind and quality is not obtainable property which is as similar as possible to that which
      has sustained damage and which is capable of performing the same function will be deemed to be new property of like kind
      and quality and will not be considered as betterment.

      We will also pay the cost of purchasing and installing technologically current equipment which is necessitated by incompatibility
      between:

      a)     new equipment installed to replace equipment that has sustained Damage; and

      b)     undamaged existing equipment at the same or an interdependent premises.

      Provided always that:

      i)     Damage was directly caused

      ii)    we will only be liable for the amount sufficient to enable you to resume operations in substantially the same manner as
             before the Damage

      iii)   we will only be liable for the difference between:

             1)      the highest sales value of the undamaged existing equipment at the same or interdependent premises; and

             2)      the installed cost of the technologically current equipment.

1.7   Property on Loan
      This section includes property loaned to you to replace existing property being repaired, serviced, maintained or cleaned.

1.8   Temporary Removal
      The property that is insured within territorial area 1 – premises is covered while temporarily removed for cleaning, renovation,
      repair, maintenance, service or similar purposes elsewhere and in transit thereto and therefrom all in Great Britain, Northern
      Ireland, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man.

      Provided always that:

      a)     our liability in respect of each item stated in the schedule for any Damage occurring elsewhere than at the premises will
             not exceed 10% of the sum insured applicable to territorial area 1 – premises by the item

      b)     this clause will not apply to property in so far as it is otherwise insured.

                                                                                                                                             13
     1.9    General Average and Salvage Charges
            You are covered for your liability in respect of the Property Insured for contribution to General Average and Salvage Charges
            for any General Average or salvage act occurring during any sea voyage anywhere in the world.

     1.10   Consequential Loss Following Declaration of General Average
            This policy includes reasonable costs necessarily incurred by you as a result of delay to the Property Insured whilst in transit
            caused by the Master of the carrying vessel declaring General Average.

            We will not pay more than £10,000 in the aggregate in any period of insurance.

            You bear the first 10% of the amount otherwise payable in respect of each and every loss subject to a minimum deductible
            of £250.

     1.11   Fraudulent Credit Card Purchases
            You are covered by this clause for loss incurred as a result of credit cards fraudulently used by any person other than an
            employee for the purpose of purchasing Stock.

            For the purpose of this clause Stock shall mean stock and materials in trade your property or held by you in trust for which you
            are responsible.

            Our liability any one occurrence will not exceed £5,000.

     1.12   Index Linking
            Where so stated in the schedule to this section the sum insured will be adjusted during the period of insurance in accordance
            with fluctuations in suitable indices of cost. In the event of loss the sum insured will continue to be adjusted in accordance with
            fluctuations in the indices during the period necessary for completion of repair or reinstatement provided always that repair or
            reinstatement is carried out without unreasonable delay.

            The premium will remain unchanged during the period of insurance but at each renewal the premium will be calculated on the
            revised sum insured.


     Optional Extensions Applicable to Section 1 a) and 1 b)
     Only operative if stated in the schedule under Optional Extension.

     A.     Optional Extension A: Hired-In Property
            This section will indemnify you in respect of:

            a)     legal liability for damage to hired-in property under the terms of the hiring agreement or otherwise to pay
                   compensation for damage to property stated in the schedule

            b)     liability under the terms of the hiring agreement to pay continuing hire charges in consequence of damage to hired-in
                   property for which we have admitted liability.

                   Provided always that our liability will:

                   i)      commence from the date of damage and end when such property has been repaired or replaced

                   ii)     not exceed £100,000 in respect of any one accident or series of accidents arising out of any one occurrence.

     B.     Optional Extension B: Hiring Out
            This section covers damage to Property Insured while hired out by you provided always that all such hires remain subject to
            conditions of hire in line with industry standards.

            We will not exercise rights of subrogation against the hirer where your hire invoice so specifies.

            Whenever the property is hired in for rehire by you the hiring conditions will be no less onerous than those under which you
            hired such property.


     Special Exclusions

     Exclusions Applicable to Sub-Section 1 a) Technical Equipment:
     In respect of Sub-Section 1 a) Technical Equipment this section does not cover:

     1.     Consequential Loss
            loss of use of Property Insured or any other consequential loss unless specifically insured under this section

     2.     Damage Recoverable under Guarantee or other Agreement
            damage recoverable under any guarantee or maintenance, rental, hire or lease agreement


14
3.     Excess
       the amount of the excess

4.     Intentional Acts, Gradually Developing and Experiments
       damage caused by:

       a)     your intentional act or wilful neglect

       b)     gradually developing defects, wear and tear, cracks, flaws or fractures

       c)     experiments involving the imposition of any abnormal conditions on the Property Insured

5.     Light Sources and Film Video
       damage to:

       a)     light sources and other expendable parts unless accompanied by other Damage

       b)     film, video and sound recording tape while contained within any camera, sound or video recording equipment or while
              undergoing any form of processing

       c)     film, video and sound recording tape which is damaged at custom points as a result of exposure by surveillance machines

6.     Packing and Preparation
       damage caused by insufficiency or unsuitability of packing or preparation of the Property Insured

7.     Penalties
       penalties for delay or detention or in respect of guarantees of performance or efficiency

8.     Unaccountable Losses
       unaccountable losses discovered on the occasion of stock or inventory checks.


Exclusions Applicable to Sub-Section 1 b) Props, Sets and Wardrobe
In respect of Sub-Section 1 b) Props, Sets and Wardrobe this section does not cover:

1.     Consequential Loss
       loss of use of Property Insured or any other consequential loss unless specifically insured under this section

2.     Electrical Damage
       damage caused by short circuit or other electrical damage or disturbance or failure but this exclusion will not apply to any
       subsequent Damage

3.     Excess
       the amount of the excess

4.     Excluded Property
       damage to:

       a)     camera, camera equipment, sound and lighting equipment, grip equipment, portable electrical equipment and
              generators

       b)     animals

       c)     currency, money and other negotiable instruments, credit cards, passports, deeds, letters of credit, travel tickets

       d)     permanent buildings or structure unless specifically constructed in respect of a declared production

       e)     aircraft, other mechanically propelled vehicles or conveyances unless full details have been submitted to and accepted by
              us excluding motor vehicles less than £75,001 any one motor vehicle unless cover is required by the Road Traffic Act

       f)     film, tape and digital media unless used as a prop in respect of an insured production

       g)     jewellery, furs, precious metals, precious stones, curiosities, rare books and works of art, collectively in excess of £10,000
              unless details have been submitted to and accepted by us

5.     Mechanical or Electrical Breakdown, Cleaning, Repairing, Atmospheric Conditions, Vermin and Moth
       damage caused by or consisting of mechanical or electrical breakdown, wear, tear, gradual deterioration, the process of
       cleaning, repairing or restoring any article, the action of light or atmospheric conditions, vermin and moth




                                                                                                                                               15
     6.     Property Being Worked Upon
            damage caused to property being worked upon

     7.     Property in the Open
            damage to property stored in the open caused by rain, sleet, snow or hail

            This exclusion shall not include property whilst on location

     8.     Property of a Brittle Nature
            breakage of property wholly or partly of a brittle nature unless details have been submitted to and accepted by us

     9.     Unexplained Loss
            damage caused by or consisting of shortage of inventory or any unexplained loss or mysterious disappearance

     10.    Unsuitable Packing
            damage caused by unsuitability or insufficiency of packing of the Property Insured.


     Exclusions Applicable to Sub-Section 1 c) Specified Items
     In respect of Sub-Section 1 c) Specified Items this section does not cover:

     1.     Change in Environment, Depreciation, Faulty Design or Workmanship or Inherent Defect, Gradually
            Operating Causes, Vermin or Insect
            damage caused by or consisting of:

            a)     atmospheric or climatic conditions or action of light

            b)     corrosion, rust, wet or dry rot, shrinkage, evaporation, loss of weight, dampness, marring, scratching, vermin or insects

            c)     change in temperature, colour, flavour, texture or finish

            d)     depreciation

            e)     inherent vice, latent defect, gradual deterioration, wear and tear, frost, its own faulty or defective design, workmanship
                   or materials

     2.     Cleaning, Processing and Repair
            damage caused by or consisting of any process of cleaning, dyeing, repairing, restoring, alteration or adjusting

     3.     Consequential Loss
            loss of use of Property Insured or any other consequential loss unless specifically insured under this section

     4.     Excess
            the amount of the excess

     5.     Fraud or Dishonesty
            damage caused by or consisting of theft where any person in your employ or service or members of their family are concerned
            as principal or accessory

     6.     Mechanical Breakdown
            damage caused by or consisting of mechanical or electrical breakdown or derangement or its own overrunning, short circuiting
            or self-heating.


     Special Conditions Applicable to Section 1
     1.     Average
            The sum insured by each item of this section excluding Optional Extension A: Hired in Property is declared to be separately
            subject to average.

     2.     Property in Unattended Vehicle Condition ZF1CP01
            Only applicable if stated in the schedule.

            It is a condition precedent to our liability in respect of Property Insured while contained in an unattended road vehicle that:

            a)     all doors windows and other openings are fully closed and locked whenever the vehicle is left unattended and any
                   property concealed from view wherever possible




16
     b)     between the hours of 2100 and 0600 unless the vehicle is on location it will be:

            i)     fully alarmed and the alarm placed in full and effective operation; or

            ii)    kept in a locked garage or building or security compound.

3.   Reinstatement
     In the event of the Property Insured being damaged the basis upon which the amount payable is to be calculated will be
     reinstatement subject to the following Supplementary Conditions and the terms and conditions of this section except in so far
     as the same may be varied hereby.

     Supplementary Conditions
     a)    The work of reinstatement must be commenced and carried out with reasonable despatch otherwise no payment
           beyond the amount which would have been payable under this section if this Special Condition had not been
           incorporated will be made.

     b)     When any Property Insured is damaged in part only our liability will not exceed the sum representing the cost which we
            could have been called upon to pay for reinstatement if such Property Insured had been wholly lost or destroyed.

     c)     No payment beyond the amount which would have been payable under this section if this Special Condition had not
            been operative will be made until the cost of reinstatement has been actually incurred.

     d)     The sum insured shown against each item stated in the schedule will not be less than the new replacement cost of such
            item. For the purpose of this Special Condition the new replacement cost will mean the present valid list price plus the
            cost of any freight, import duty and installation costs. In the event of the insured item being obsolete the sum insured
            should represent the current list price plus the cost of any freight, import duty and installation costs of the nearest
            equivalent model.

     e)     No payment will be made beyond the amount which would have been made payable under this section if this Special
            Condition had not been operative if at the time of any damage such property is covered by any other insurance effected
            by or on your behalf which is not upon an identical basis of reinstatement.

     f)     Where by reason of any of the above Supplementary Conditions no payment is to be made beyond the amount which
            would have been payable under this policy had this Special Condition not been operative your and our rights and liabilities
            in respect of any Damage will be subject to the terms of this section as if this Special Condition had not been operative.




                                                                                                                                          17
     Section 2 – Property Damage ‘All Risks’
     Special Definitions
     All Other Damage
     Damage resulting from a cause not otherwise excluded other than fire, lightning, explosion, aircraft, riot, civil commotion, strikers,
     locked-out workers, persons taking part in labour disturbances, earthquake, impact by any mechanically propelled vehicle or articles
     dropped from them or by animal, theft or attempted theft or subsidence, ground heave and landslip.

     Buildings
     Buildings of the premises for which you are legally responsible and including:

     a)      landlords’ fixtures and fittings

     b)      outbuildings, extensions, annexes, canopies, fixed signs, gangways, conveniences, lamp posts and street furniture

     c)      walls, gates and fences

     d)      drains, sewers, piping, ducting, cables, wires and associated control gear and accessories on the premises and extending to the
             public mains but only to the extent of your responsibility

     e)      yards, car parks, roads, pavements, forecourts, all constructed of solid materials and landscaping.

     Contents
     Contents owned by or held in trust by you or for which you are responsible while in or on any building at the premises and including:

     a)      tenants’ improvements, alterations and decorations, including air conditioning equipment

     b)      employees’, directors’ and visitors’ personal effects and tools of every description (other than motor vehicles) not otherwise
             insured for an amount not exceeding £500 in respect of any one person

     c)      contents of outbuildings at the premises

     d)      contents in the open yards at the premises

     e)      satellite transmission and receiving equipment

     f)      wines, spirits, tobacco, cigars not exceeding £500 in total

     but excluding:
     i)      landlords’ fixtures and fittings

     ii)     Stock

     iii)    money and stamps (including National Insurance stamps) bonds, credit cards and securities in excess of £500

     iv)     documents, manuscripts and business books except for the cost of the materials and of clerical labour expended in reproducing
             such records

     v)      computer systems records except for an amount not exceeding £10,000 in respect of the cost of the materials and of clerical
             labour and computer time expended in reproducing such records

     vi)     any expense in connection with the production of the information to be recorded in documents, manuscripts, business books or
             computer systems records

     vii)    vehicles licensed for road use including accessories thereon.

     Damage
     Damage to Property Insured by a cause not otherwise excluded.

     Miscellaneous
     As described under the heading ‘Description’ in the schedule.

     Property Insured
     The property insured as stated in the schedule.

     Stock
     Stock and materials in trade your property or held by you in trust for which you are responsible while in or on any building at the premises.




18
The Cover
In the event of the Property Insured being accidentally lost, destroyed or damaged during the period of insurance we will pay to you
the value of the property at the time of its damage or the amount of the damage or at our option reinstate or replace such property
or any part of it.

Provided always that our liability under this section will not exceed:

a)     in the whole the total sum insured or in respect of any item its sum insured or any other limit of indemnity stated in the
       schedule at the time of the loss, destruction or damage

b)     the sum insured (or limit) remaining after deduction for any other damage occurring during the same period of insurance,
       unless we will have agreed to reinstate any such sum insured (or limit).


Clauses Applicable to Section 2
2.1    Architects’, Surveyors’, Legal and Consulting Engineers’ Fees
       The insurance by each item on Buildings and Contents includes an amount in respect of reasonable architects’, surveyors’, legal
       and consulting engineers’ fees necessarily incurred in the reinstatement or repair of Property Insured consequent upon its
       Damage but not for preparing any claim.

       The amount payable under each item on Buildings and Contents will not exceed in total its sum insured.

2.2    Automatic Reinstatement of Loss
       In the absence of written notice by us or you to the contrary this insurance will not be reduced by the amount of any loss in
       consideration of which you will pay the appropriate extra premium on the amount of the loss from the date thereof to the
       expiry of the period of insurance.

       Provided always that:

       a)      the aggregate of the amounts so reinstated for losses by theft during any one period of insurance will not exceed the
               amount of the sum insured

       b)      you will take immediate steps to effect such additions to or variations in the protections of the Property Insured as we
               may require.

2.3    Capital Additions
       The insurance by this section will subject to its terms and conditions include:

       a)      any newly acquired Buildings and Contents in the United Kingdom in so far as the same are not otherwise insured; and

       b)      alterations, additions and improvements to Buildings and Contents

       but not in respect of any appreciation in value during the current period of insurance at any of the premises.

       Provided always that:

       i)      at any one situation this cover will not exceed 10% of the total sum insured on such property or £500,000 whichever is
               the lesser

       ii)     you undertake to give particulars of such extensions of cover as soon as practicable and to effect specific insurance
               thereon retrospective to the date of the commencement of our liability

       iii)    the provisions of this clause will be fully maintained notwithstanding any specific insurance effected under ii) above.

2.4    Change of Premises
       The property that is insured within territorial area 1 - premises is covered while in transit from an existing premises to a new
       premises in Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man.

       Provided always that:

       our liability in respect of each item for any Damage occurring elsewhere than at the premises

       a)      will not exceed 100% of the sum insured applicable to territorial area 1 - premises by the item

       b)      this clause will not apply to property in so far as it is otherwise insured

       c)      you undertake to advise us of such transit as soon as possible.

2.5    Contract Price
       In respect only of goods sold but not delivered for which you are responsible subject to a sale contract which following
       damage insured hereby is cancelled by reason of its conditions wholly or to the extent of the damage our liability will be
       based on the contract price.


                                                                                                                                          19
     2.6    Contracting Purchasers
            If at the time of Damage you will have contracted to sell your interest in any Building insured under this section and the
            purchase will not have been but will be thereafter completed the purchaser on completion of the purchase (if and so far as the
            property is not otherwise insured against such damage by them or on their behalf) will be entitled to benefit under this section
            without prejudice to our and your rights and liabilities until completion.

     2.7    Customers’ Goods
            You having intimated to your customers that you will accept responsibility for damage to goods the property of such
            customers or for which the said customers may be legally responsible whether manufactured by you or not upon which work is
            to be, is being done or has been done on behalf of customers by you or which may be left in your custody it is agreed that all
            such goods will be held to be insured by the item on the schedule relating to Stock except in so far as they may be more
            specifically insured elsewhere.

     2.8    Damage by Theft to the Buildings of the Premises
            This Section includes damage to the Buildings of the premises (including damage to glass which is accepted by a police
            authority as prima facie evidence of attempted theft) falling to be borne by you which directly results from theft or attempted
            theft (as otherwise insured hereby).

            Provided always that if the Buildings of the premises are not insured by this section our liability under this clause during any
            one period of insurance will not exceed the sum of £25,000 or the total sum insured if less.

     2.9    Designation
            For the purpose of determining where necessary the heading under which any property is insured we agree to accept the
            designation under which such property has been entered in your books.

     2.10   Deterioration of Food
            This section covers damage by deterioration, contamination or putrification of foodstuffs your property or held by you in trust
            or on commission and for which you are responsible while contained in any refrigeration units at the premises resulting from:

            a)     rise or fall in temperature caused by:

                   i)        the breaking, distortion or burning out of any part of the unit including its own wiring terminating at and
                             including the plug and fuse arising from mechanical breakdown or electrical defects in the unit occurring while
                             the unit is being used under normal working conditions

                   ii)       non-operation of the thermostatic or automatic controlling devices forming part of the unit

                   iii)      accidental failure of the public supply of electricity

            b)     accidental leakage of refrigerant or refrigerant fumes from the unit

            but excluding:

            i)     damage caused by or resulting from:

                   1)        failure of the public supply services which do not exceed 30 consecutive minutes

                   2)        failure of the public supply services due to:

                             A)     any deliberate act of a public supply undertaking not performed for the sole purpose of safeguarding life
                                    or protecting any part of the public supply undertaking’s systems

                             B)     any scheme of rationing not necessitated by accidental damage to the public supply undertaking’s
                                    generating or supply equipment

                   3)        wear and tear, deterioration or gradually developing flaws or defects in the unit or incorrect setting of
                             thermostats and automatic controls

                   4)        refrigeration units over 10 years old

            ii)    damage to foodstuffs in any refrigeration unit without hermetically sealed motors and compressors unless such unit is
                   under guarantee or an annual maintenance contract

            iii)   the amount of the excess.

            Our maximum liability in respect of all losses arising from one occurrence or all occurrences of a series consequent upon or
            attributable to one or original cause is £2,500.

     2.11   Drains
            This section includes reasonable expenses necessarily incurred by you with our consent in cleaning and/or clearing drains,
            sewers or gutters your property or for which you are responsible following Damage.



20
2.12   Exhibitions
       The insurance in respect of each item on Contents and Stock includes such property while at any indoor exhibition within
       territorial area 2 – UK and Europe including transit thereto and therefrom for a period not exceeding 15 consecutive days.

       Our maximum liability any one exhibition will not exceed £10,000.

2.13   Fire Extinguishment Expenses
       We will pay the reasonable costs incurred by you in:

       a)      refilling fire extinguishing appliances

       b)      recharging gas flooding systems

       c)      replacing used sprinkler heads

       d)      refilling sprinkler tanks where water costs are metered

       e)      resetting fire and intruder alarms all in consequence of Damage.

2.14   Glass
       In the event of accidental breakage of fixed glass for which you are responsible we will indemnify you in respect of the cost of:

       a)      replacement or repair of such glass with glass of a similar quality or as otherwise recommended by the British Code of
               Practice BS6262

       b)      temporary boarding up necessarily incurred through breakage of the glass

       c)      damage to frames and framework of any description and the cost of removing or replacing any Stock or Contents that
               may have to be removed to replace the glass not exceeding £500.

       This clause does not cover:

       i)      the cost of silvering, embossing, lettering bending or ornamenting glass in excess of £500 any one loss

       ii)     breakage of cracked or scratched glass

       iii)    breakage or damage resulting from repairs or alterations to the premises or while the premises are vacant or
               unoccupied

       iv)     breakage or damage caused by fire, lightning, explosion or earthquake unless the buildings of the premises at which
               the breakage occurred are insured under this policy.

2.15   Index Linking
       Where so stated in the schedule to this section the sum insured will be adjusted during the period of insurance in accordance
       with fluctuations in suitable indices of cost. In the event of loss the sum insured will continue to be adjusted in accordance with
       fluctuations in the indices during the period necessary for completion of repair or reinstatement provided always that repair or
       reinstatement is carried out without unreasonable delay.

       The premium will remain unchanged during the period of insurance but at each renewal the premium will be calculated on the
       revised sum insured.

2.16   Landscaped Gardens
       This section includes costs and expenses incurred with our consent in making good damage to landscaped gardens or grounds
       at the premises caused by damage as insured hereby but excluding:

       a)      the cost of movement of soil excluding as necessary for surface preparation

       b)      the failure of trees, shrubs or turf to become established following replanting

       c)      the failure of seeds to germinate.

       Provided always that:

       i)      we will not be liable for the first £1,000 in respect of each and every loss arising from damage caused by Storm, Flood
               or Malicious Persons (excluding by Fire or Explosion) not acting on behalf of or in respect of any political organisation or
               All Other Damage

       ii)     our liability any one occurrence will not exceed £10,000 or 10% of the sum insured by the relevant item whichever is
               the lesser.




                                                                                                                                              21
     2.17   Metered Water
            We will pay the cost for which you are responsible in respect of loss of metered water provided always that:

            a)     the amount payable in respect of any one premises is limited to such excess water charges demanded by the water
                   authority and resulting from the accidental escape of water from pipes, apparatus or tanks in consequence of Damage

            b)     our liability under this clause any one occurrence will not exceed £10,000 or 10% of the sum insured by this section
                   whichever is the lesser.

     2.18   Mortgagees and Lessors
            Any increase in the risk of Damage resulting from any act or neglect of any mortgagor, leaseholder, lessee or occupier of any
            buildings insured by this policy will not prejudice the interest of any mortgagee, freeholder or lessor.

            Provided always that:

            a)     such increase in risk is without their prior knowledge or authority; and

            b)     we are notified immediately they becomes aware of such increase in risk; and

            c)     you pay an appropriate additional premium if required.

     2.19   Non-Invalidation
            This insurance will not be invalidated by any act or omission or by any alteration whereby the risk of Damage is increased
            unknown to or beyond your control provided always that immediately you become aware thereof you will give us notice and
            pay an additional premium if required.

     2.20 Other Interests
            It is agreed that various parties may have a legal interest in part of the property insured by this policy and you undertake to
            declare the names, nature and extent of any interest of any such parties at the time of the Damage.

     2.21 Removal of Debris
            The insurance by all items of this section except those applying wholly or in part to Stock if insured includes costs and expenses
            necessarily incurred by you with our consent in:

            a)     removing debris

            b)     dismantling and/or demolishing

            c)     shoring up or propping

            d)     boarding up

            of the portion or portions of the property insured by the said items damaged by any cause not herein excluded.

            Our liability under this clause and this section in respect of any item will in no case exceed the sum insured thereby.
            We will not pay for any costs or expenses:

            i)     incurred in removing debris except from the site of such property damaged and the surface of the area immediately
                   adjacent to such site

            ii)    arising from pollution or contamination of property not insured by this section.

     2.22 Stock Debris Removal Costs
            Any insurance on ‘Stock Debris Removal Costs’ applies only in respect of costs and expenses necessarily incurred by you with
            our consent in removing debris of the portion or portions of the Stock damaged by any cause not otherwise excluded.

            We will not pay for any costs or expenses:

            a)     incurred in removing debris except from the site of such property destroyed or damaged and the surface of the area
                   immediately adjacent to such site

            b)     arising from pollution or contamination of property not insured by this section.

     2.23 Subrogation Waiver
            In the event of a claim arising under this policy we agree to waive any rights, remedies or relief to which we might become
            entitled by subrogation against:

            a)     any Company standing in the relation of Parent to Subsidiary or Subsidiary to Parent to you as defined in the Companies
                   Act or Companies (N.I.) Order as appropriate current at the time of the Damage

            b)     any Company which is a Subsidiary of a Parent Company of which you are yourselves a Subsidiary in each case within
                   the meaning of the Companies Act or Companies (N.I.) Order as appropriate current at the time of the Damage


22
      c)     any tenant or lessee in respect of Damage to that part of the premises in the demise of that tenant or lessee or to those
             parts of the premises in which all the tenants have a common interest where the premium has been paid by the tenant
             or lessee unless such Damage arises out of a criminal or malicious act of the tenant or lessee.

2.24 Temporary Removal
      The property insured by this section excluding Stock is covered while temporarily removed for cleaning, renovation, repair or
      similar purposes elsewhere and in transit thereto and therefrom all in Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands and
      the Isle of Man.

      Provided always that:

      a)     our liability under this clause in respect of each item of this section for any Damage occurring elsewhere than at the
             premises will not exceed 10% of the sum insured by the item

      b)     this clause does not apply to property in so far as it is otherwise insured.

2.25 Temporary Removal – Documents and Computer System Records
      This section includes the following while temporarily removed to premises not in your occupation but while remaining within
      Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man:

      a)     deeds and other documents, manuscripts, plans and writings of every description and books (but excluding computer
             system records) up to 10% of the total value of such property

      b)     computer system records up to 10% of the limit of indemnity stated in the definition of Contents.

2.26 Theft of Keys
      Where damage to Property Insured by theft is not excluded in its entirety we will pay you the reasonable expenses not
      exceeding £750 incurred for the necessary replacement of locks following the loss of keys to the premises or any safe or
      strongroom therein caused by theft from the premises or from your private residence or an authorised employee.

2.27 Trace and Access
      In the event of damage to Property Insured resulting from escape of water or fuel oil if insured hereby this insurance includes
      the reasonable costs necessarily incurred with our consent in:

      a)     locating the source of such damage

      b)     the subsequent making good of damage to Property Insured caused as a consequence thereof

      provided always that our liability any one occurrence will not exceed £10,000 or 10% of the sum insured by this section
      whichever is the lesser.

2.28 Unauthorised Use of Electricity Gas or Water
      This section includes the cost of metered electricity, gas, or water for which you are legally responsible arising from its
      unauthorised use by persons taking possession, keeping possession or occupying the premises without your authority.
      Provided always that:

      a)     all practicable steps are taken to terminate such unauthorised use as soon as it is discovered

      b)     our limit of indemnity any one occurrence will not exceed £10,000 or 10% of the sum insured by the relevant item
             whichever is the lesser.

2.29 Workmen
      Workmen are allowed to work in the Buildings for the purposes of effecting any repairs, minor additions and alterations or
      decorations without prejudice to this insurance.


Special Conditions Applicable to Section 2
1.    Condition of Average (Underinsurance)
      The sum insured by each item of this section excluding those applying solely to fees, removal of debris or private dwelling
      houses is declared to be separately subject to average.

2.    European Union and Public Authorities (Including Undamaged Property)
      Subject to the following Supplementary Conditions the insurance in respect of Buildings and Contents extends to include such
      additional cost of reinstatement as may be incurred solely by reason of the necessity to comply with the stipulations of:

      a)     European Union legislation

      b)     Building or other regulations under or framed in pursuance of any Act of Parliament or bye-laws of any public authority



                                                                                                                                         23
          (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Stipulations’) in respect of:

          i)     the damaged property hereby insured

          ii)    undamaged portions thereof

          iii)   any water supply equipment at the premises supplying the sprinkler installation in undamaged portions of the premises.

          We will not pay for:

          1)     the cost incurred in complying with the Stipulations:

                 A)      in respect of Damage occurring prior to the inception of this Special Condition

                 B)      in respect of damage not insured by this policy

                 C)      under which notice has been served upon you prior to the happening of the Damage

                 D)      for which there is an existing requirement which has to be implemented within a given period

                 E)      in respect of property entirely undamaged

          2)     the additional cost that would have been required to make good the property damaged to a condition equal to its
                 condition when new had the necessity to comply with the Stipulations not arisen

          3)     the amount of any charge or assessment arising out of capital appreciation which may be payable in respect of the
                 property or by the owner thereof by reason of compliance with the Stipulations.

          Supplementary Conditions
          1.    The work of reinstatement must be commenced and carried out without unreasonable delay and in any case must be
                completed within 12 months after the Damage or within such further time as we may allow during the said 12 months
                and may be carried out upon another site if the Stipulations so necessitate subject to our liability under this Special
                Condition not being thereby increased.

          2.     If our liability under any item of this policy apart from this Special Condition will be reduced by the application of any of
                 the terms and conditions of this policy then our liability under this Special Condition in respect of any such item will be
                 reduced in like proportion.

          3.     The total amount recoverable under any item of this policy in respect of this Special Condition will not exceed:

                 a)      in respect of the damaged property – its sum insured

                 b)      in respect of undamaged portions of property (excluding foundations) – 15% of the total amount for which we
                         would have been liable had the property insured by the item at the premises where the Damage has occurred
                         been wholly destroyed.

          4.     The total amount recoverable under any item of this policy will not exceed its sum insured.

          5.     All the terms and conditions of this policy except in so far as they are varied hereby will apply as if they had been
                 incorporated herein.

     3.   Fire Break Doors and Shutters
          You undertake to maintain all firebreak doors and shutters within your custody or control in efficient working order and to
          keep them free from obstruction at all times.

     4.   Fire Extinguishing Appliances
          You undertake to have fire extinguishing appliances serviced and maintained under an annual service contract with approved
          suppliers or as agreed with us.

          Subject to the observance of the above undertaking this policy will not be invalidated as a result of any defect in any of the said
          appliances unknown to or beyond your control.

     5.   Unoccupied Buildings
          You will notify us when any Buildings become unoccupied or when an unoccupied Building or portion thereof becomes
          occupied and will pay a suitable additional premium if required.

     6.   Reinstatement
          Subject to the following Supplementary Conditions the basis upon which the amount payable in respect of Buildings and
          Contents is to be calculated will be reinstatement.




24
Supplementary Conditions
1.    Our liability for the repair or restoration of property damaged in part only will not exceed the amount which would have
      been payable had such property been wholly destroyed.

2.      No payment beyond the amount which would have been payable in the absence of this Special Condition will be made:

        a)     unless reinstatement commences and proceeds without unreasonable delay

        b)     until the cost of reinstatement will have been actually incurred

        c)     if the property insured at the time of its damage will be insured by any other insurance effected by or on your
               behalf which is not upon the same basis of reinstatement.

3.      All the terms and conditions of this policy will apply:

        a)     in respect of any claim payable under the provisions of this Special Condition except in so far as they are varied
               hereby

        b)     where claims are payable as if this Special Condition had not been incorporated.

4.      If at the time of reinstatement the sum representing 85% of the cost which would have been incurred in reinstating
        the whole of the property covered by any item subject to this Special Condition exceeds its sum insured at the
        commencement of any Damage our liability will not exceed that proportion of the amount of the Damage which the
        said sum insured will bear to the sum representing the total cost of reinstating the whole of such property at that time.

Supplementary condition d) is not applicable to Buildings and Contents stated in the Schedule as ‘Index Linked’.


     For exclusions applicable to this section please refer to the Exclusions Applicable to Sections 2
     and 3 Arising from Loss or Damage to Property Insured under Section 2. These exclusions can
     be found on pages (34, 35, 36, 37 and 38).




                                                                                                                                    25
     Section 3 – Business Interruption ‘All Risks’
     Special Definitions
     Computer Equipment
     Computer Equipment including fixed discs, interconnecting wiring, air conditioning and cooling equipment, generating and volting
     regulating equipment, satellite, telecommunications, links and computerised telephone exchanges, electronic access equipment,
     temperature and humidity recording equipment and data storage materials used for electronic processing communication and storage
     of electronic data belonging to you or leased, hired or rented to you.

     Damage
     Damage to property by a cause not otherwise excluded.

     Estimated Gross Profit
     The amount declared by you to us as representing not less than the Gross Profit which it is anticipated will be earned by the business
     during the financial year most nearly concurrent with the period of insurance or a proportionately increased multiple thereof where the
     Maximum Indemnity Period exceeds 12 months.

     Gross Profit
     The amount by which:

     a)     the sum of the amount of the Turnover and the amounts of the closing stock and work in progress exceed

     b)     the sum of the amounts of the opening stock and work in progress and the amount of the Uninsured Working Expenses.

     Note:
     The amounts of opening and closing stocks and work in progress will be arrived at in accordance with your normal accountancy
     methods due provision being made for depreciation.

     Estimated Gross Revenue
     The amount declared by you to us as representing not less than the Gross Revenue which it is anticipated will be earned by the
     business during the financial year most nearly concurrent with the period of insurance or a proportionately increased multiple thereof
     where the Maximum Indemnity Period exceeds 12 months.

     Gross Revenue
     As stated in the schedule.

     Incident
     Damage to property used by you at the premises for the purpose of the business.

     Indemnity Period
     The period beginning with the occurrence of the Incident and ending not later than the Maximum Indemnity Period thereafter during
     which the results of the business are affected in consequence of the Incident.

     Maximum Indemnity Period
     The time period stated in the schedule. This is a consecutive time period and commences from the date of the Incident.

     Notifiable Disease
     Illness sustained by any person resulting from:

     a)     food or drink poisoning

     b)     one of the following specified human infectious or human contagious diseases:

            Acute Encephalitis, Ophthalmia Neonatorum, Acute Poliomyelitis, Paratyphoid Fever, Bubonic Plague, Rabies, Anthrax, Relapsing
            Fever, Cholera, Rubella, Diphtheria, Scarlet Fever, Dysentery, Smallpox, Legionellosis, Tetanus, Legionnaires Disease, Tuberculosis,
            Leprosy, Typhoid Fever, Leptospirosis, Typhus Fever, Malaria, Viral Hepatitis, Measles, Viral Haemorrhagic, Meningitis, Whooping
            Cough, Meningococcal Infection, Yellow Fever and Mumps

     an outbreak of which the competent local authority has stipulated will be notified to them.

     Rate of Gross Profit
     The Gross Profit earned expressed as a percentage of the Turnover during the financial year immediately before the date of the Incident.



26
Rent Receivable
The amount of the rent and other income received or receivable from the letting of the premises and for services rendered thereat.

Standard Gross Revenue
The Gross Revenue during that period in the 12 months immediately before the date of the Incident which corresponds with the
Indemnity Period.

Standard Rent Receivable
The Rent Receivable during that period in the 12 months immediately before the date of the Incident which corresponds with the
Indemnity Period.

Standard Turnover
The Turnover during that period in the 12 months immediately before the date of the Incident which corresponds with the Indemnity
Period.

Turnover
The money paid or payable to you for goods sold and delivered and for services rendered in course of the business at the premises.

Uninsured Working Expenses
As stated in the schedule.

Note:
The words and expressions used in this definition will have the meaning usually attached to them in your books and accounts.

Notes to the Special Definitions
1.     In respect of the definitions of Standard Gross Revenue, Standard Rent Receivable and Standard Turnover adjustments will be
       made as may be necessary to provide for the trend of the business and for variations in or other circumstances affecting the
       business either before or after the incident which would have affected the business had the Incident not occurred so that the
       figures thus adjusted will represent as nearly as may be reasonably practicable the results which but for the Incident would have
       been obtained during the relative period after the Incident.
2.     For the purposes of these definitions any adjustment implemented in current cost accounting will be disregarded.


The Cover
In the event of any Incident occurring during the period of insurance and in consequence the business carried on by you at the
premises be interrupted or interfered with then we will pay you in respect of each item in the schedule the amount of loss resulting
from such interruption or interference.

Provided always that:

a)     at the time of the Incident there is an insurance in force covering your interest in the property at the premises against such
       damage and:

       i)     payment has been made or liability admitted therefor

       ii)    payment would have been made or liability admitted therefor but for the operation of a proviso in such insurance
              excluding liability for losses below a specified amount

b)     our liability under this section will not exceed:

       i)     in the whole the total sum insured

       ii)    in respect of each of items 1, 2 and 3 133.3% of the Estimated Gross Profit, Estimated Gross Profit or Estimated Rent
              Receivable respectively or any other limit of indemnity stated in this policy, the schedule or by endorsement applicable at
              the time of the Incident

       iii)   in respect of any other item its sum insured or any other limit of indemnity stated in this policy, the schedule or by
              endorsement applicable at the time of the Incident

       iv)    the sum insured (or limit) remaining after deduction for any other interruption or interference consequent upon an
              Incident occurring during the same period of insurance unless we have agreed to reinstate any such sum insured (or limit).

Item 1 – Gross Profit
The amount payable as indemnity under this item will be:

a)     in respect of reduction in Turnover: the sum produced by applying the Rate of Gross Profit to the amount by which the Turnover
       during the Indemnity Period falls short of the Standard Turnover in consequence of the Incident



                                                                                                                                            27
     b)     in respect of increase in cost of working: the reasonable additional expenditure (subject to the provisions of the Uninsured
            Standing Charges clause) necessarily incurred for the sole purpose of avoiding or diminishing the reduction in Turnover which
            but for that expenditure would have taken place during the Indemnity Period in consequence of the Incident but not exceeding
            the sum produced by applying the Rate of Gross Profit to the amount of the reduction thereby avoided

     less any sum saved during the indemnity period in respect of such of the charges and expenses of the business payable out of Gross
     Profit as may cease or be reduced in consequence of the incident.


     Clauses Applicable to Item 1
     3.1.1 Alternative Trading
            If during the Indemnity Period goods are sold or services rendered elsewhere than at the premises for the benefit of the
            business either by you or by others on your behalf the money paid or payable in respect of such sales or services will be
            brought into account in arriving at the Turnover during the Indemnity Period.

     3.1.2 Departmental
            If the business be conducted in departments the independent trading results of which are ascertainable the provisions of
            clauses a) and b) of the Item on Gross Profit will apply separately to each department affected by the Incident.

     3.1.3 New Business
            For the purpose of any claim arising from an Incident occurring before the completion of the first year’s trading of the business
            at the premises the terms Standard Gross Profit and Standard Turnover will bear the following meaning and not as within stated:

            Rate of Gross Profit – The Gross Profit earned expressed as a percentage of the Turnover during the period between the date
            of the commencement of the business and the date of the Incident.

            Standard Turnover – The proportionate equivalent for a period equal to the Indemnity Period of the Turnover realised during
            the period between the commencement of the business and the date of the Incident.

     3.1.4 Payments on Account
            Payments on account may be made to you during the Indemnity Period at our discretion but in no case will any payment
            exceed our liability in respect of reduction in Turnover for the period in respect of which a payment is to be made.

     3.1.5 Salvage Sale
            If following any Incident giving rise to a claim under this item you hold a salvage sale during the Indemnity Period clause a) of
            this item will for the purpose of such claim read as follows:

            In respect of reduction in Turnover: the sum produced by applying the Rate of Gross Profit to the amount by which the Turnover
            during the Indemnity Period (less the Turnover for the period of the salvage sale) will in consequence of the Incident fall short of
            the Standard Turnover from which sum will be deducted the Gross Profit actually earned during the period of the salvage sale.

     3.1.6 Uninsured Standing Charges
            If any standing charges of the business be not insured by this policy (having been deducted in arriving at the Gross Profit as
            defined herein) then in computing the amount recoverable hereunder as increase in cost of working that proportion only of any
            additional expenditure will be brought into account which the Gross Profit bears to the sum of the Gross Profit and the
            Uninsured Standing Charges.

     Item 2 – Gross Revenue
     The amount payable as indemnity under this item will be:

     a)     in respect of loss of Gross Revenue: the amount by which the Gross Revenue during the Indemnity Period falls short of the
            Standard Gross Revenue in consequence of the Incident

     b)     in respect of increase in cost of working: the reasonable additional expenditure necessarily incurred for the sole purpose of
            avoiding or diminishing the reduction in Gross Revenue which but for the expenditure would have taken place during the
            Indemnity Period in consequence of the Incident but not exceeding the amount of reduction in Gross Revenue thereby avoided

     less any sum saved during the Indemnity Period in respect of such of the charges and expenses of the business payable out of Gross
     Revenue as may cease or be reduced in consequence of the Incident.


     Clauses Applicable to Item 2
     3.2.1 Alternative Trading
            If during the Indemnity Period goods are sold or services rendered elsewhere than at the premises for the benefit of the
            business either by you or by others on your behalf the money paid or payable in respect of such sales or services will be
            brought into account in arriving at the Gross Revenue during the Indemnity Period.


28
3.2.2 New Business
       For the purpose of any claim arising from an Incident occurring before the completion of the first year’s trading of the business
       at the premises the term Standard Gross Revenue will bear the following meaning and not as within stated:

       Standard Gross Revenue – The proportional equivalent for a period equal to the Indemnity Period of the Gross Revenue
       realised during the period between the commencement of the business and the date of the Incident.

3.2.3 Payments on Account
       Payments on account may be made to you during the Indemnity Period at our discretion but in no case will any payment
       exceed our liability in respect of reduction in Gross Revenue for the period in respect of which a payment is to be made.

3.2.4 Temporary Removal (Documents)
       Loss as insured by this section resulting from interruption or interference with the business in consequence of damage to
       plans, deeds, briefs, manuscripts, books, documents and office records while temporarily removed within the United Kingdom
       will be deemed to be loss resulting from an Incident.

Item 3 – Rent Receivable
The amount payable as indemnity under this item will be:

a)     in respect of loss of Rent Receivable: the amount by which the Rent Receivable during the Indemnity Period falls short of the
       Standard Rent Receivable in consequence of the Incident

b)     in respect of increase in cost of working: the reasonable additional expenditure necessarily incurred for the sole purpose of
       avoiding or diminishing the loss of Rent Receivable which but for that expenditure would have taken place during the Indemnity
       Period in consequence of the Incident but not exceeding the amount of the reduction in Rent Receivable thereby avoided

less any sum saved during the Indemnity Period in respect of such of the charges and expenses of the business payable out of the Rent
Receivable as may cease or be reduced in consequence of the Incident.


Clauses Applicable to Item 3
3.3.1 Alternative Trading
       If during the Indemnity Period goods are sold or services rendered elsewhere than at the premises for the benefit of the
       business either by you or by others on your behalf the money paid or payable in respect of such sales or services will be
       brought into account in arriving at the Rent Receivable during the Indemnity Period.

3.3.2 New Business
       For the purpose of any claim arising from an incident occurring before the completion of the first year’s trading of the business
       at the premises the term Standard Rent Receivable will bear the following meaning and not as within stated:

       Standard Rent Receivable – The proportional equivalent for a period equal to the indemnity period of the Rent Receivable
       realised during the period between the commencement of the business and the date of the Incident.

3.3.3 Payments on Account
       Payments on account may be made to you during the Indemnity Period at our discretion but in no case will any payment
       exceed our liability in respect of reduction in Rent Receivable for the period in respect of which a payment is to be made.

Item 4 – Increased Cost of Working
The amount payable as indemnity under this item will be the reasonable expenditure necessarily incurred by you during the Indemnity
Period in order to minimise any interruption of or interference with the business in consequence of the Incident.

Item 5 – Additional Increased Cost of Working
The insurance under this item is supplementary to items 1, 2 and 3 if insured and the amount payable as indemnity will be the
necessary additional expenditure beyond that recoverable under paragraph b) of Items 1, 2 and 3 of this section reasonably incurred
during the Indemnity Period in consequence of the Incident for the sole purpose of minimising any interruption of or interference with
the business which but for that expenditure would have taken place.


Automatic Extensions Applicable to Section 3
Any loss as insured under this section resulting from interruption of or interference with the business in consequence of:

a)     in respect of extensions 3, 8 and 9 the contingencies described therein

b)     in respect of all other extensions accidental damage




                                                                                                                                           29
     at the under-noted situations or to property as under-noted will be deemed to be an Incident provided always that after the application
     of all other terms and conditions of this policy our liability under each extension in respect of any one occurrence will not exceed:

     i)     133.3% of the Estimated Gross Profit, Estimated Gross Revenue or Estimated Rent as applicable; or

     ii)    100% of the sum insured under item 4 Increased Cost of Working or item 5 Additional Increased Cost of Working if insured; or

     iii)   the amount shown below against such situations or property as the limit or such other amount stated in the schedule or by
            endorsement at the time of the Incident. Percentage limits are expressed as a proportion of the sum insured or limit of
            indemnity applicable to the relevant item to which the extension applies.

     Unless otherwise stated the Maximum Indemnity Period in respect of each extension will be that applicable to the relevant item to
     which the extension applies as stated in the schedule at the time of the Incident.

     1.     Contract Site
            Any situation in territorial area 2 – UK and Europe not in your occupation where you are carrying out a contract.

            The limit is 50% provided always that the insurance granted by this extension will not exceed £500,000.

     2.     Exhibition Site
            Any situation in territorial area 2 – UK and Europe not in your occupation where you are carrying out an exhibition.

            The limit is 50% provided always that the insurance granted by this extension will not exceed £500,000.

     3.     Notifiable Diseases, Vermin, Defective Sanitary Arrangements, Murder and Suicide
            a)     i)	Any occurrence of a Notifiable Disease at the premises or attributable to food or drink supplied from the premises

                   ii)    any discovery of an organism at the premises likely to result in the occurrence of a Notifiable Disease

            b)     the discovery of vermin or pests at the premises

            c)     any accident causing defects in the drains or other sanitary arrangements at the premises which causes restrictions on
                   the use of the premises on the order or advice of the competent local authority

            d)     any occurrence of murder or suicide at the premises.

            Exclusions Applicable to Extension 3
            We will not be liable under this extension for:

            1.     loss arising from restrictions on the use of the premises in consequence of an emergency notice or emergency
                   prohibition order being served against you or the manager of the premises in relation to a breach of the Food Safety
                   Act 1990, General Food Regulations 2004 or Food Hygiene Regulations 2006 including any modifications thereto or
                   re-enactment thereof

            2.     any costs incurred in the cleaning, repair, replacement, recall or checking of property.

            Provisions Applicable to Extension 3
            1.     For the purposes of this extension ‘Indemnity Period’ will mean the period during which the results of the business are
                   affected in consequence of the occurrence, discovery or accident beginning with the date from which the restrictions on
                   the premises are applied or in the case of d) above with the date of the occurrence and ending not later than the
                   Maximum Indemnity Period thereafter.
            2.     For the purposes of this extension ‘Maximum Indemnity Period’ will mean 12 months.
            3.     In the event that this section includes an extension which deems loss or damage at locations other than the premises
                   to be an Incident such locations will not be deemed premises for the purposes of this extension.

            Supplementary Conditions Applicable to Extension 3
            1.    We will only be liable for the loss arising at those premises which are directly affected by the occurrence, discovery
                  or accident.
            2.     You will comply with all issues identified as Contraventions arising from a Food Premises Inspection Report within the
                   timescales stated in such report.
            3.     You will notify us immediately of any prohibition notice, emergency prohibition notice or emergency prohibition order
                   served against you or the manager of the premises in relation to a breach of the Food Safety Act 1990, General Food
                   Regulations 2004 or Food Hygiene Regulations 2006 including any modifications thereto or re-enactment thereof.
            The limit is 10% but in no case exceeding £150,000 in any one period of insurance after the application of all other terms and
            conditions of this policy.




30
4.    Patterns
      Patterns, jigs, models, templates, moulds, dies, tools, plans, drawings and designs your property or held by you in trust and for
      which you are responsible while at the premises of any machine makers, engineers, founders or other metal workers excluding
      any premises wholly or partly occupied by you or while in transit all in Great Britain or Northern Ireland.
      The limit is 10%.

5.    Prevention of Access
      Property in the vicinity of the premises damage to which will prevent or hinder the use of the premises or access thereto
      whether your premises or property therein sustain damage or not but excluding damage to property of any supply
      undertaking from which you obtain electricity, gas, water or telecommunications services which prevents or hinders the supply
      of such services to the premises.
      The limit is 100%.

6.    Public Utilities – Electricity, Gas, Water and Telecommunications
      Property at any:
      a)     generating station or sub-station of the public electricity supply undertaking
      b)     land based premises of the public gas supply undertaking or of any natural gas producer linked directly therewith
      c)     water works or pumping station of the public water supply undertaking
      d)     land based premises of the public telecommunications undertaking
      from which you obtain electricity, gas, water or telecommunications services all in Great Britain or Northern Ireland.
      The cover provided under this extension includes loss as insured by this section due to failure of the public supply of:
      i)     electricity at the terminal ends of the supply undertaking’s service feeders at the premises
      ii)    gas at the supply undertaking’s meters at the premises
      iii)   water at the supply undertaking’s main stop cock servicing the premises
      iv)    telecommunications services (excluding satellite services) at the incoming line terminals or receivers at the premises
      as a direct result of damage by a cause not otherwise excluded to cables or pipes conveying the said services to the premises
      but excluding any failure which does not involve a cessation of supply for at least 24 consecutive hours.

      The limit is 100%.

7.    Transit
      Your property while in transit in territorial area 2 – UK and Europe.

      The limit is 50% provided always that the insurance granted by this extension will not exceed £500,000.

8.    Unspecified Customers UK
      The premises of your customers situated in Great Britain or Northern Ireland other than those more specifically insured by
      this section.

      Provided that for the purpose of this extension the term “customers” means those companies, organisations or individuals
      with whom, at the time of the Incident, you have contracts or trading relationships to supply goods and services.

      The limit is £250,000.

9.    Unspecified Suppliers UK
      The premises of your suppliers, manufacturers or processors of components, goods or materials situated in Great Britain or
      Northern Ireland but excluding the premises of:

      a)     any supply undertaking from which you obtain electricity, gas, water or telecommunication services

      b)     any supplier more specifically insured by this section.

      The limit is £250,000.

10.   Unspecified Customers Europe
      The premises of your customers situated in the European Union other than those more specifically insured by this section.

      Provided that:

      a)     the limit is £100,000

      b)     we will not be liable under this extension for loss other than caused by fire, lightning, aircraft and explosion.




                                                                                                                                          31
           For the purpose of this extension:

           i)     the term “customers” means those companies, organisations or individuals with whom, at the time of the Incident, you
                  have contracts or trading relationships to supply goods or services

           ii)    the Maximum Indemnity Period is 3 months.

     11.   Unspecified Suppliers Europe
           The premises of your suppliers, manufacturers or processors of components, goods or materials situated in the European Union
           but excluding the premises of:

           a)     any supply undertaking from which you obtain electricity, gas or water or telecommunications services; or

           b)     any supplier more specifically insured by this section.

           Provided that:

           i)     the limit is £100,000

           ii)    we will not be liable under this extension for loss other than caused by fire, lightning, aircraft and explosion.

           For the purpose of this extension the Maximum Indemnity Period is 3 months.

     12.   Virus Seek and Destroy Costs
           We will indemnify you in respect of reasonable additional expenditure necessarily incurred by you to prevent and minimise the
           interruption of or interference with the work normally carried out by or on Computer Equipment to locate and remove a
           detectable virus or similar mechanism contained in such Computer Equipment or data storage materials.

           The limit is £25,000 any one occurrence.


     Special Provisions Applicable to the Whole of Section 3
     1.    Automatic Reinstatement of Sum Insured
           In the absence of written notice from you or us to the contrary our liability will not stand reduced by the amount of any loss.
           You undertake to pay the appropriate additional premium for such automatic reinstatement of cover.

     2.    Premium Adjustment Clause
           The first and annual premiums in respect of each of items 1, 2 and 3 if insured are provisional and are based on the Estimated
           Gross Profit, Estimated Gross Revenue and Estimated Rent Receivable respectively.
           You will provide us not later than 6 months after the expiry of each period of insurance a declaration confirmed by your
           auditors of the Gross Profit, Gross Revenue or Rent Receivable as applicable earned during the financial year most nearly
           concurrent with the period of insurance.
           If any Incident has occurred giving rise to a claim for loss of Gross Profit, Gross Revenue or Rent Receivable the above
           mentioned declaration will be increased by us for the purpose of premium adjustment by the amount by which the Gross Profit,
           Gross Revenue or Rent Receivable was reduced during the financial year solely in consequence of the Incident.
           If the declaration (adjusted as provided above and proportionately increased where the maximum indemnity period exceeds
           12 months):
           a)     is less than the Estimated Gross Profit, Estimated Gross Revenue or Estimated Rent Receivable for the relative period of
                  insurance we will allow a pro rata return of premium paid on the relevant item but not exceeding 50% of such premium
           b)     is greater than the Estimated Gross Profit, Estimated Gross Revenue or Estimated Rent Receivable for the relative period
                  of insurance you will pay a pro rata addition to the premium paid on the relevant item.

     3.    Professional Accountants’
           Any particulars or details contained in your books of account or other business books or documents which may be required by
           us under the Claims Procedure Condition of this policy for the purpose of investigating or verifying any claim hereunder may be
           produced by professional accountants if at the time they are regularly acting as such for you and their reports will be prima
           facie evidence of the particulars and details to which such reports relate.
           We will pay you the reasonable charges payable by you to your professional accountants for producing such particulars or any
           other proofs, information or evidence as may be required by us under the terms of the Claims Procedure Condition of this policy
           and reporting that such particulars or details are in accordance with your books of account or other business books or documents.
           Provided always that the sum of the amount payable under this clause and the amount otherwise payable under this section
           will in no case exceed our liability as stated.

     4.    Renewal
           You will prior to each renewal provide us with the Estimated Gross Profit, Estimated Gross Revenue or Estimated Rent
           Receivable applicable to items 1, 2 and 3 respectively if insured for the financial year most nearly concurrent with the ensuing
           year of insurance.


32
5.     Value Added Tax
       To extent that you are accountable to the tax authorities for Value Added Tax all terms in this section will be exclusive of
       such tax.


Exclusions Applicable to Section 3 Arising from Loss or Damage to Property Insured under
Section 1 Sub-Section 1 a)
In respect of claims resulting from damage to property insured under Sub-Section 1 a) of section 1 of this policy section 3 does not
cover business interruption caused by or consisting of:

1.     Intentional Acts, Gradually Developing and Experiments
       a)     your intentional act or wilful neglect
       b)     gradually developing defects, cracks, flaws or fractures
       c)     experiments involving the imposition of any abnormal conditions on the property insured

2.     Light Sources and Film Video
       damage to:
       a)     light sources and other expendable parts unless accompanied by other damage insured hereby
       b)     film, video and sound recording tape while contained within any camera, sound or video recording equipment or while
              undergoing any form of processing
       c)     film, video and sound recording tape which is damaged at custom points as a result of exposure by surveillance
              machines

3.     Packing and Preparation
       damage caused by insufficiency or unsuitability of packing or preparation of the property insured

4.     Unaccountable Losses
       unaccountable losses discovered on the occasion of stock or inventory checks.


Exclusions Applicable to Section 3 Arising from Loss or Damage to Property Insured under
Section 1 Sub-Section 1 b)
In respect of claims resulting from damage to property insured under Sub-Section 1 b) of section 1 of this policy section 3 does not
cover business interruption:

1.     Electrical Damage
       caused by or consisting of short circuit or other electrical damage or disturbance or failure but this exclusion will not apply to
       any subsequent business interruption which itself is caused by fire or explosion

2.     Excluded Property
       in respect of:
       a)     camera, camera equipment, sound and lighting equipment, grip equipment, portable electrical equipment and
              generators
       b)     animals
       c)     currency, money and other negotiable instruments, credit cards, passports, deeds, letters of credit, travel tickets
       d)     permanent buildings or structure unless specifically constructed in respect of a declared production
       e)     aircraft, other mechanically propelled vehicles or conveyances unless full details have been submitted to and accepted
              by us
       f)     film, tape and digital media unless used as a prop in respect of an insured production

3.     Mechanical or Electrical Breakdown, Cleaning, Repairing, Atmospheric Conditions, Vermin and Moth
       caused by or consisting of mechanical or electrical breakdown, wear, tear, gradual deterioration, the process of cleaning,
       repairing or restoring any article, the action of light or atmosphere conditions, vermin and moth

4.     Property Being Worked Upon
       in respect of property being worked upon

5.     Property in the Open
       in respect of property stored in the open caused by rain, sleet, snow or hail




                                                                                                                                            33
     6.     Property of a Brittle Nature
            caused by or consisting of breakage of property wholly or partly of a brittle nature unless details have been submitted to and
            accepted by us

     7.     Unexplained Loss
            caused by or consisting of shortage of inventory or any unexplained loss or mysterious disappearance

     8.     Unsuitable Packing
            caused by unsuitability or insufficiency of packing.


     Exclusions Applicable to Section 3 Arising from Loss or Damage to Property Insured under
     Section 1 Sub-Section 1 c)
     In respect of claims resulting from damage to property insured under Sub-Section 1 c) of section 1 of this policy section 3 does not
     cover business interruption caused by or consisting of:

     1.     Change in Environment, Depreciation, Faulty Design or Workmanship or Inherent Defect, Gradually
            Operating Causes, Vermin or Insect
            a)     atmospheric or climatic conditions or action of light

            b)     corrosion, rust, wet or dry rot, shrinkage, evaporation, loss of weight, dampness, marring, scratching, vermin or insects

            c)     change in temperature, colour, flavour, texture or finish

            d)     depreciation

            e)     inherent vice, latent defect, gradual deterioration, wear and tear, frost, its own faulty or defective design, workmanship
                   or materials

     2.     Cleaning, Processing and Repair
            any process of cleaning, dyeing, repairing, restoring, alteration or adjusting

     3.     Fraud or Dishonesty
            theft where any person in your employ or service or members of their family are concerned as principal or accessory

     4.     Mechanical Breakdown
            mechanical or electrical breakdown or derangement or its own overrunning, short circuiting or self-heating.


     Exclusions Applicable to Sections 2 and 3 Arising from Loss or Damage to Property Insured
     under Section 2
     In respect of Property Insured under Section 2 and claims under Section 3 resulting from damage to property insured under Section 2
     this policy does not cover:

     1.     Changes in Environment or Mechanical or Electrical Breakdown
            damage or business interruption caused by or consisting of:

            a)     corrosion, rust, wet or dry rot, shrinkage, evaporation, loss of weight, dampness, marring, scratching, vermin or insects

            b)     change in temperature, colour, flavour, texture or finish

            damage or business interruption consisting of:

            c)     joint leakage, failure of welds, cracking, fracturing, collapse or overheating of boilers, economisers, superheaters,
                   pressure vessels or any range of steam and feed piping in connection therewith

            d)     mechanical or electrical breakdown or derangement of the particular machine, apparatus or equipment in which such
                   breakdown or derangement originates

            but this will not exclude:

            i)     such damage to Property Insured or business interruption not otherwise excluded which itself results from a defined
                   peril or from any other accidental damage

            ii)    subsequent damage to Property Insured or business interruption which itself results from a cause not otherwise
                   excluded




34
2.   Collapse or Cracking
     damage or business interruption caused by or consisting of:
     a)     in respect of section 2:
            damage to a building or structure other than television and radio aerials, satellite dishes and masts caused by its own
            collapse or cracking
     b)     in respect of section 3:
            loss resulting from damage to a building or structure used by you at the premises caused by its own collapse or
            cracking unless resulting from a defined peril in so far as it is not otherwise excluded

3.   Consequential Loss
     In respect of section 2 consequential loss of whatsoever nature

4.   Deliberate Act of Service Provider
     business interruption caused by the deliberate act of a supply undertaking in withholding the supply of water, gas, electricity,
     fuel or telecommunications services but this will not exclude:
     a)     such business interruption not otherwise excluded which itself results from a defined peril or from any other
            accidental damage
     b)     subsequent business interruption which itself results from a cause not otherwise excluded

5.   Erasure of Records
     business interruption directly or indirectly arising from:
     a)     erasure, loss, distortion or corruption of information on computer systems or other records, programs or software
            caused deliberately by rioters, strikers, locked-out workers, persons taking part in labour disturbances or civil commotion
            or malicious persons
     b)     other erasure, loss, distortion or corruption of information on computer systems or other records programs or software
            unless resulting from a defined peril (including the acts of thieves but excluding the acts of malicious persons which do
            not involve physical force or violence) in so far as it is not otherwise excluded

6.   Excluded Property
     a)     in respect of section 2 – unless specifically mentioned as insured:
     b)     in respect of section 3 – unless business interruption is caused by a defined peril in so far as it is not otherwise
            excluded:
     i)     vehicles licensed for road use including accessories thereon, caravans, trailers, railway locomotives, rolling stock, water
            craft or aircraft
     ii)    piers, jetties, bridges, culverts or excavations
     iii)   livestock, growing crops or trees

7.   Fraud or Dishonesty
     damage or business interruption caused by or consisting of acts of fraud or dishonesty but this will not exclude such damage
     or business interruption if resulting from a cause which is not otherwise excluded

8.   Gradually Operating Changes and Faulty Design or Workmanship
     a)     inherent vice, latent defect, gradual deterioration, wear and tear, frost, change in water table level, its own faulty or
            defective design or materials
     b)     faulty or defective workmanship, operational error or omission on the part of you or any employee
     c)     the bursting by steam pressure of a boiler, economiser, vessel, machine or apparatus in which internal pressure is due to
            steam only and belonging to or under your control other than:
            i)      in respect of section 2 – a boiler used for domestic purposes only
            ii)     in respect of section 3 – any boiler or economiser on the premises or a boiler used for domestic purposes only
     but this will not exclude subsequent damage to Property Insured or business interruption which itself results from a cause not
     otherwise excluded




                                                                                                                                          35
     9.    Land
           a)     in respect of section 2 any damage to land
           b)     in respect of section 3 business interruption caused by damage to land
           other than for an amount of any loss of less than £25,000 in total in respect of land to a depth of up to one metre yours or for
           which you are responsible within the perimeter of the premises provided always that such loss is not otherwise excluded

     10.   Marine Insurance
           property which at the time of the happening of damage is insured by or would but for the existence of this policy be insured
           by any marine policy or policies except in respect of any excess beyond the amount which would have been payable under the
           marine policy or policies had this insurance not been effected

     11.   Money, Jewellery, Collectables and Other Objets D’art
           damage in respect of
           a)     money, cheques, stamps, bonds, credit cards or securities of any description
           b)     jewellery, precious stones, precious metals, bullion, furs, curiosities, works of art or rare books but this will not exclude
                  such damage caused by:
                  i)      a defined peril
                  ii)	theft or attempted theft involving breaking into or out of the buildings of the premises by forcible and violent
                       means
                  iii)    robbery or attempted robbery committed in the premises in so far as it is not otherwise excluded

     12.   Pollution or Contamination
           a)     in respect of section 2:
                  damage caused by pollution or contamination but this will not exclude damage to the Property Insured not
                  otherwise excluded caused by:
                  i)      pollution or contamination which itself results from a defined peril
                  ii)     a defined peril which itself results from pollution or contamination
                  iii)    sudden, identifiable, unintended and unexpected pollution or contamination which itself results from an
                          occurrence other than a defined peril
                  iv)     an occurrence other than a defined peril which itself results from sudden, identifiable, unintended and
                          unexpected pollution or contamination
           b)     in respect of section 3:
                  loss resulting from pollution or contamination but this will not exclude loss resulting from damage to property used
                  by you at the premises for the purpose of the business not otherwise excluded, caused by:
                  i)      pollution or contamination at the premises which itself results from a defined peril
                  ii)     a defined peril hereby insured against which itself results from pollution or contamination
                  iii)    sudden, identifiable, unintended and unexpected pollution or contamination at the premises which itself
                          results from an occurrence other than a defined peril
                  iv)     an occurrence other than a defined peril which itself results from sudden, identifiable, unintended and
                          unexpected pollution or contamination
           subject to a total limit of indemnity in respect of a) iii) and iv) and b) iii) and iv) in any one period of insurance of £25,000

     13.   Processes
           damage or business interruption:
           a)     caused by fire resulting from its undergoing any heating process or any process involving the application of heat
           b)     other than by fire or explosion resulting from its undergoing any process of production, packing, treatment, testing,
                  commissioning, servicing or repair

     14.   Property in the Open
           damage or business interruption caused by or consisting of movable property in the open, fences and gates caused by wind,
           rain, hail, sleet, snow, flood or dust

     15.   Property in Transit
           damage or business interruption caused by or consisting of property in transit other than while at the premises or as
           otherwise specifically insured under sections 2 or 3
36
16.   Property More Specifically Insured
      any property more specifically insured by or on behalf of you

17.   Property or Structures in the Course of Construction, Erection or Alteration
      property or structures in course of construction or erection, alteration, addition or improvement and materials or supplies in
      respect of all such property in course of construction or erection other such damage or in respect of such business
      interruption caused by:

      a)      a defined peril

      b)      theft or attempted theft involving breaking into or out of the buildings of the premises by forcible and violent means

      c)      robbery or attempted robbery committed in the premises in so far as it is not otherwise excluded

18.   Subsidence, Ground Heave or Landslip and Normal Settlement
      damage or business interruption caused by or consisting of subsidence or ground heave of any part of the site on which the
      property stands or landslip:
      a)      in respect of land insured hereby unless also affecting a building insured hereby
      b)      caused by or consisting of:
              i)     the normal settlement or bedding down of new structures
              ii)    the settlement or movement of made-up ground
              iii)   coastal or river erosion
              iv)    defective design or workmanship or the use of defective materials
      c)      which originated prior to the inception of this cover
      d)      resulting from:
              i)     demolition, construction, structural alteration or repair of any property
              ii)    groundwork or excavation at the same premises

19.   Theft
      theft or attempted theft:
      a)      contributed to or caused by an employee unless involving breaking into or out of the buildings of the premises by
              forcible and violent means
      b)      arising from any act of dishonesty committed or connived at by the holder for the time being of the Property Insured
      c)      to property on or in any garden yard, open place, open sided building nor unless stated in the schedule any outbuilding
      d)      to that part of the buildings of the premises not occupied by you
      e)      of the fabric of the buildings
      damage to Property Insured caused by or arising directly or indirectly from theft or attempted theft:
      f)      of money, cheques, stamps (including National Insurance Stamps), bonds, credit cards or securities of any description
      g)      of jewellery, precious stones, precious metals, bullion, furs, curiosities, works of art or rare books
      but this will not exclude:
      i)      such damage or business interruption not otherwise excluded which itself results from a defined peril or from any
              other accidental damage
      ii)     subsequent damage or business interruption which itself results from a cause not otherwise excluded

20.   Unexplained Losses
      damage caused by or consisting of or business interruption arising directly or indirectly from disappearance, unexplained or
      inventory shortage, misfiling or misplacing of information

21.   Unoccupied Properties
      damage or business interruption caused by or consisting of:
      a)      freezing
      b)      escape of water from any tank, apparatus or pipe
      c)      (other than by fire or explosion) malicious persons not acting on behalf of or in respect of any political organisation
      in respect of any building which is empty or not in use for more than 30 consecutive days.

                                                                                                                                        37
     Section 4 – ‘Money’
     Special Definitions
     Assured
     Any person while engaged in the business.

     Bodily Injury
     Accidental injury not including sickness, disease or any naturally occurring condition or degenerative process or any gradually
     operating cause.

     Business Hours
     Any time when you or your directors or employees with responsibility for money are in your premises for the purpose of
     your business.

     Loss of Eye
     Permanent and total loss of sight:

     a)     in both eyes if the Assured’s name is entered on the Register of Blind Persons on the authority of a fully qualified
            ophthalmic specialist

     b)     in one eye if the degree of sight remaining after correction is 3/60 or less on the Snellen Scale.

     Loss of Limb
     Total loss by physical separation at or above the wrist or ankle or permanent total loss of use of an entire hand, arm, foot or leg.

     Usual Occupation
     The occupation of the Assured as shown in your records at the date of the Bodily Injury.


     The Cover
     In the event of damage to:

     a)     money

     b)     safes or strongrooms which normally contain money caused by theft or attempt thereat

     c)     any case, bag or waistcoat when such is used for the carriage of money

     d)     your franking machines or for which you are responsible caused by theft or attempt thereat

     occurring anywhere in the World

     we will indemnify you against such damage provided always that our liability in respect of any Item insured will not exceed any limit
     of indemnity stated in the schedule.

     Provided always that:

     i)     our liability in respect of money in transit by post will be limited to £25 per packet while in transit by unregistered post

     ii)    whenever the office, room or area in which a safe or strongroom containing money is situated becomes unattended:

            1)      such safe or strongroom is securely locked; and

            2)      all keys to such safe or strongroom are removed from the premises or kept on your person or an authorised employee

     iii)   you will keep a complete account of money in transit and on the premises and will deposit such record in a secure place
            excluding in a safe or strongroom containing the money.


     Special Exclusions
     This section does not cover:

     1.     Amusement or Vending Machine
            damage in excess of £250 from any amusement or vending machine

     2.     Clerical Errors
            clerical or accounting errors


38
3.     Dishonest Acts of Employees
       damage caused by or due to the dishonest acts of any person in your employ or service not discovered within 14 days of the
       actual occurrence thereof

4.     Unattended Vehicle
       damage in excess of £250 from any unattended vehicle.


Special Conditions
1.     Accompaniment ZF4CP01
       This condition is only applicable if so stated in the schedule.

       It is a condition precedent to our liability in respect of this extension that wherever money than as described in item 1 is in
       transit by you or employees arrangements for its security will be as follows:

       a)      for amounts in excess of £2,000 but not exceeding £5,000 it will be continuously accompanied by at least 2 able bodied
               adult persons

       b)      for amounts in excess of £5,000 but not exceeding £10,000 it will be continuously accompanied by at least 3 able bodied
               adult persons or contained in a security case approved by us and accompanied by at least 2 able bodied adult persons.

2.     Protection
       Whenever premises containing money are closed for business or left unattended all security devices provided to protect the
       premises are to be properly fitted and put into full operation.


Personal Accident (Malicious Attack) Extension
We will pay the sum or sums set out in the Table of Benefits shown below if any Assured sustains Bodily Injury by violent, external and
visible means as a result of malicious attack by anyone stealing or attempting to steal money.

Provided always that:

a)     the money is insured under this policy

b)     under benefit 4 we will not pay the benefit for more than 104 weeks

c)     we will only pay a benefit if death or disablement occurs within 24 months of the date of injury

d)     if we are satisfied that disability is permanent benefit 3 will become payable when benefit 4 is exhausted. Except for this we
       will not pay more than one benefit for the same accident

e)     we will not pay for more than one benefit for the same period of time

f)     no benefit will be paid until its entire amount has been agreed.

Table of Benefits
If Bodily Injury is the only and direct cause of:

1.     Death                                                                                     £25,000

2.     Loss of Limb and/or Loss of Eye                                                           £25,000

3.     Permanent total inability to attend to any occupation or business                         £25,000

4.     Temporary total inability to attend to the Usual Occupation or business                   Normal weekly wage
                                                                                                 or salary up to £250

If the Assured as a result of a malicious attack or assault or attempt thereat sustains damage to clothing or personal effects we will
indemnify you in respect of payment made to the Assured to the extent of the damage so sustained but not exceeding in respect of
any one such Assured the sum of £250.




                                                                                                                                          39
     Section 5 – Production Insurance – Multimedia and
     Producers Indemnity
     Special Definitions
     Gross Production Costs
     All costs including overheads chargeable directly to the production but excluding:

     a)      costs of scenario, story rights, musical rights, dialogue, royalties, scripts, typing, schedules or plans (unless such costs are
             rendered entirely valueless), all insurance premiums, taxes, completion guarantee fees, interest or finance charges

     b)      costs and expenses relating to sets, props, wardrobes or equipment owned by you unless specifically designed for a
             production and subsequently rendered entirely valueless

     c)      any amount which you may be liable to pay to any director or partner of yours for salary or other payments incurred by reason
             of the production being interrupted or extended unless the services rendered by such person are in the capacity of producer,
             director, writer, actor or are directly related to the cost of the production

     d)      costs of replacement of third party proprietary software

     e)      speculative ticket sales.

     In the event of abandonment Gross Production Costs will mean the amount of the contract value less:

     i)      savings in costs and expenses between the date of abandonment and the anticipated completion date

     ii)     the amounts, costs and expenses described in a), b), c) and d) above

     subject to the contract price having been reflected in your estimate of Gross Production Costs.

     Property Insured
     Raw film or tape stock, exposed film (developed or undeveloped), videotape (including time coded tapes and off line copies), matrices,
     lavenders, positives, inter-positives, working prints, cutting copies, fine grain prints, transparencies, cels, artwork and drawings and
     computer/digital media of all types (excluding third party proprietary software) sound tracks and tapes used in connection therewith
     your property or for which you are responsible.


     The Cover
     We will indemnify you for:

     a)      any net increase in the Gross Production Costs necessarily incurred by you in completion of the production so far as reasonably
             practicable in the manner originally intended; and
     b)      the amount of the Gross Production Costs expended prior to the production being unavoidably interrupted, postponed,
             cancelled or abandoned with our prior written consent; and

     c)      reasonable additional expenditure necessarily incurred to recompile or restore data or software which has been produced or
             developed directly in respect of an insured production

     arising as a result of:


     Sub-Section 5 a) Multimedia
     damage (including impairment or distortion of image) not otherwise excluded to Property Insured while within the territorial area
     stated in the schedule occurring during the period of insurance.


     Sub-Section 5 b) Producers Indemnity
     any cause beyond your control not otherwise excluded occurring during the period of insurance.

     Our maximum liability in respect of any one production will not exceed in respect of each of sub-sections 5 a) and 5 b) the sum
     insured any one production as stated in the schedule.




40
Clauses Applicable to Section 5
5.1    Agency and Talent Costs
       In the event of loss of or damage to Property Insured this section includes:

       a)     reasonable agency costs (as specified in Item 17(i) of Part two of the APA/IPA/ISBA Production Contract) up to 25% of
              the Gross Production Costs with a maximum of £250,000 any one production; and

       b)     talent costs in excess of the declared sum insured for each production of up to 25% of the Gross Production Costs but
              not exceeding £250,000 any one production in all where you are contractually responsible.

5.2    Archive Material
       This section includes the cost of reduplicating or reprinting archive material on loan/hired to you in the event of its damage
       provided always that our maximum liability will be £10,000 any one loss.

5.3    Automatic Reinstatement
       In consideration of this insurance not being reduced by the amount of any loss you will pay the appropriate extra premium on
       the amount of the loss from the date thereof to the date of the expiry of the period of insurance.

5.4    Storage
       We will also pay extra expenses sustained as a result of damage to Property Insured for a period of 12 months after completion
       of the edited master unless contractual responsibility exists with the agency to arrange insurance or at the expiration of the
       period of insurance whichever occurs first.

5.5    Worldwide Cover
       The territorial area applicable to the failure of any person to appear as a result of death, personal injury or illness prior to that
       person’s arrival at the filming location is territorial area 3 – worldwide.

5.6    Virus Seek and Destroy Costs
       We will indemnify you in respect of reasonable additional expenditure necessarily incurred by you to prevent and minimise the
       interruption of or interference with the work normally carried out by or on Computer Equipment to locate and remove a
       detectable Virus or similar mechanism contained in such Computer Equipment or data storage materials.

       For the purpose of this extension the limit is £25,000 any one occurrence.

5.7    Operator Error
       We will indemnify you under this section in respect of your errors of judgement in exposure, lighting, sound recording and
       your selection or use of equipment including its faulty manipulation.

       Provided always that:

       a)     the cover provided hereby shall not indemnify you for loss directly or indirectly caused by or resulting from:
              i)      your intentional acts or acts made at your direction

              ii)     manipulation of equipment or computer software not in compliance with the instructions or specifications
                      applicable thereto or with accepted standards of industry practice

       b)     our liability under this section in respect of errors of judgement shall not exceed:

              i)      £50,000 in respect of any one loss

              ii)     £50,000 in respect of all losses occurring in any one period of insurance

       c)     you will be liable for the first £2,500 in respect of each and every loss and not the amount of any excess otherwise
              specified in the schedule.


Exclusions Applicable to Sub-Section 5 a)
Sub-Section 5 a) does not cover damage to Property Insured or any loss or expense whatsoever or consequential loss:

1.     Airport or Customs Checks
       directly or indirectly caused by airport or customs security checks or apparatus unless properly labelled and beyond your control

2.     Programming Errors
       occasioned by or happening through:

       a)     the costs of rectifying programming errors or design defects in software




                                                                                                                                               41
            b)     in respect of third party proprietary software only programming errors or design defects but this exclusion will not apply
                   to additional expenditure consequent upon erasure, damage, corruption or distortion of other software caused by
                   programming errors or design defects in third party proprietary software

     3.     Storage of Computer Media
            in consequence of failure to comply with manufacturer’s recommendations relating to storage of computer media

     4.     Theft from Vehicles
            occasioned by or happening through theft from any unattended unlocked vehicle

     5.     Unfinished Software
            in consequence of the use of software by you in respect of which development has not been finalised or which has not passed
            all testing procedures or which has not been successfully proven.


     Exclusions Applicable to Sub-Section 5 b)
     Sub-Section 5 b) does not cover:

     1.     Animals
            damage or any loss or expense whatsoever or consequential loss directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by the failure
            of any animal to perform its intended function in a production unless due to death, accidental injury or illness or disease first
            manifesting itself after the date of engagement for a production

     2.     Breakdown
            damage or any loss or expense whatsoever or consequential loss directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by electrical or
            mechanical breakdown of any aircraft, helicopter, drone/UAV, hovercraft, waterborne vessel, motorcycle, motor vehicle, electrical
            vehicle or electric powered vehicle, railway locomotive, robot lifting machinery or contractors plant which is intended to appear in
            the insured production unless full details have been agreed by us

     3.     Currency Fluctuations or Lack of Finance or Support or Insolvency
            damage or any loss or expense whatsoever or consequential loss caused by:

            a)     variations in the rate of exchange or stability of any currency

            b)     your insolvency or insufficient finance whenever or however such insufficiency may occur or lack of support

     4.     Excess
            the amount of the excess

     5.     Failure to Fulfil Contract
            loss or expense or consequential loss occasioned by reason of claims made upon you for failure to fulfil any contract

     6.     Failure to Fulfil Intended Function
            loss or expense or consequential loss occasioned by or happening through the failure of any videotape, film or recording or any
            special effect used in its production to fulfil its intended function or create the desired effect

     7.     Incapacity
            loss or expense or consequential loss arising from the actual demonstrable incapacity of any person(s) to perform their duties in
            respect of any production:
            a)     due to any hazardous act, feat or performance undertaken in respect of an insured production unless we have
                   specifically agreed to provide such cover
            b)     due to venereal disease, AIDS, the illicit taking of drugs or the effects or influence of intoxicating liquor
            c)     caused by or contributed to by menstruation, pregnancy, childbirth or conditions pertaining thereto
            d)     arising from any illness, injury, disease or condition known to or which was manifest to you or the person at the time of
                   engagement.
            In addition we will not be liable under this section for loss or expense or consequential loss in respect of any production
            affected by any person(s):
            i)     who at the commencement of any insured production or at the time of engagement is less than 4 years of age or more
                   than 75 years of age unless details of such persons’ involvement has been agreed by us
            ii)    directly or indirectly affected by mumps, chicken pox, measles, German measles, whooping cough, scarlet fever, tonsillitis
                   or diphtheria if such person(s) are less than 9 years of age




42
      iii)   unable in their opinion or unwilling to perform their duties except where due solely to the:
             1)        serious illness which will include illness as described in part ii) above affecting person(s) less than 9 years of age
             2)        serious sudden and unforeseen bodily injury
             3)        death
             of or to that person’s mother, father, spouse (including common-law spouse or same sex partner), stepmother,
             stepfather, grandmother, grandfather, sister, brother, stepsister, stepbrother, child, stepchild (including the child or
             stepchild of a common-law spouse or same sex partner), grandchild, half-sister or half-brother subject to the
             aforementioned family member being less than 75 years of age.
             For the purpose of this exclusion “serious” shall mean illness or sudden and unforeseen bodily injury which results in a
             person being detained in hospital as an in-patient

8.    Inadequate Performance
      loss or expense or consequential loss arising from the inadequate performance of any person(s) affecting a production except:
      a)     where due solely to the:
             i)        serious illness
             ii)       serious sudden and unforeseen bodily injury
             iii)      death
             of that person’s mother, father, spouse (including common-law spouse or same sex partner), stepmother, stepfather,
             grandmother, grandfather, sister, brother, stepsister, stepbrother, child, stepchild (including the child or stepchild of a
             common-law spouse or same sex partner), grandchild, half-sister or half-brother subject to the aforementioned family
             member being less than 75 years of age.
             For the purpose of this exclusion “serious” shall mean illness or sudden and unforeseen bodily injury which results in a
             person being detained in hospital as an in-patient
      b)     when occasioned by a subsequently diagnosed medically recognised psychiatric injury

9.    Programming Errors
      a)     the costs of rectifying programming errors or design defects in software
      b)     in respect of third party proprietary software only any additional expenditure in consequence of programming errors or
             design defects but this exclusion will not apply to additional expenditure consequent upon erasure, damage, corruption
             or distortion of other software caused by programming errors or design defects in third party proprietary software

10.   Repair of Material Property and Hire Charges
      any claim for:

      a)     the cost of repair or replacement of any material property of whatsoever nature including damage to exposed or
             unexposed film negatives prints or sound tapes or videotapes

      b)     liability for payment of continuing hire charges under a hire agreement following damage to equipment used in respect
             of an insured production

11.   Storage of Computer Media
      additional expenditure in consequence of failure to comply with manufacturer’s recommendations relating to storage of
      computer media

12.   Unfinished Software
      additional expenditure in consequence of the use by you of software in respect of which development has not been finalised or
      which has not passed all testing procedures or which has not been successfully proven

13.   Weather Conditions
      loss or expense or consequential loss occasioned by or happening through cancellation, interruption, postponement or
      abandonment of filming or recording due to weather conditions resulting in unsuitable photographic or recording conditions

14.   Weather conditions and Breakdown in respect of Drones or Unmanned Aerial Vehicles
      damage or any loss or expense whatsoever or consequential loss directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by:

      a)     electrical or mechanical breakdown of drones or any similar unmanned aerial vehicles including when used to capture
             images or recording

      b)     any cancellation, interruption, postponement or abandonment of filming due to weather conditions resulting in the
             inability to fly such drones or unmanned aerial vehicles



                                                                                                                                                43
     15.   Royal Family and Head of State
           any claim arising directly or indirectly in consequence of the death of any member of a royal family or head of state who has
           attained the age of seventy (70).


     Special Provisions Applicable to Section 5
     1.    Average
           The sum insured by each item is subject to average.

     2.    Full Value Declaration
           The sum insured or limit of indemnity will represent to the best of your knowledge and belief an accurate estimate of the Gross
           Production Costs of the production(s).

     3.    Premium Adjustment
           If any part of the premium is calculated on estimates you will within 60 days after the expiry of each period of insurance supply
           details as we may require. The premium for such period will be adjusted and the difference paid by or refunded to you as the
           case may be any refund not exceeding 50% of the premium paid.

     4.    Short Period Only
           If in the event of loss insured hereby you are found to be in breach of special provision 2 then you will be considered your own
           insurer for the difference between the sum insured and the Gross Production Costs and will bear a rateable share of the amount
           of the loss accordingly.


     Special Conditions Applicable to Section 5
     1.    Arrangements ZF5CP01
           Only applicable if stated in the schedule.

           It is a condition precedent to our liability under this section that:

           a)     all travel and filming arrangements including purchase of tickets, reservation of accommodation, receipt of passports,
                  visas, filming permits and consents and required or recommended immunisations are completed prior to departure to
                  the first shoot location of any production and that all other necessary and appropriate arrangements have been made
                  for fulfilment of the production

           b)     the Principal Persons are under contract to complete the insured production.

     2.    Camera Testing ZF5CP02
           Only applicable if stated in the schedule.

           It is a condition precedent to our liability under this section that immediately prior to filming all cameras, lenses, raw film stock
           and video tape, digital media and associated equipment must be checked to ensure that they are satisfactory for the purpose
           and manner in which they are intended to be used.

     3.    Duplicates ZF5CP03
           Only applicable if stated in the schedule.

           It is a condition precedent to our liability under this section that:

           a)     no original work, animation, artwork, drawings, prints or offshoots are intentionally destroyed until a protection print
                  and/or duplicate tape and/or disc has been completed

           b)     the digital dailies will be backed up and duplicated and will go through a process of assessment for technical
                  acceptability as soon as practicable

           c)     the digital dailies will be backed up and duplicated on set as soon as practicable and at regular intervals.

     4.    Hand Luggage ZF5CP04
           Only applicable if stated in the schedule.

           It is a condition precedent to our liability under this section that all rushes are kept in the possession or control of you, your
           professional representatives or your employees at all times and carried in hand luggage throughout the duration of any return
           air flight from a shoot location unless deemed otherwise by the airline.

     5.    Unprocessed Negative Film ZF5CP05
           You will send unprocessed negative film for processing as soon as reasonably practical but in any event such material will not
           be accumulated by you for more than 5 days or as otherwise agreed by us.


44
Section 6 – Employers’ Liability
Special Definitions
Costs and Expenses
a)     Claimants’ costs and expenses

b)     costs incurred with our written consent in defending any claim for damages

c)     costs incurred with our written consent for:

       i)      representation at any coroner’s inquest or fatal injury inquiry

       ii)     defending in any court of summary jurisdiction any proceedings in respect of any act or omission relating to any event
               which may be the subject of indemnity under this section.

Terrorism
a)     Any act, or preparation in respect of action, or threat of action designed to influence the government de jure or de facto of any
       nation or any political division of any nation, or in pursuit of political, religious, ideological, or similar purposes to intimidate the
       public or a section of the public of any nation by any person or group(s) of persons whether acting alone or on behalf of or in
       respect of any organisation(s) or government(s) de jure or de facto, and which:

       i)      involves violence against one or more persons

       ii)     involves damage to property

       iii)    endangers life excluding that of the person committing the action

       iv)     creates a risk to health or safety of the public or a section of the public

       v)      is designed to interfere with or to disrupt an electronic system

b)     any action in controlling, preventing, suppressing, retaliating against, or responding to any act, or preparation in respect of
       action, or threat of action described in a) above.


The Cover
We will indemnify you in respect of all sums which you become legally liable to pay as damages in respect of bodily injury caused
during the period of insurance to any employee arising out of and in the course of their employment by you in the business.

In addition to any claim for damages we will pay Costs and Expenses.


Clauses Applicable to Section 6
All the following clauses apply to the Employers’ Liability cover and are subject to the following:

a)     we will not be liable under these clauses unless we have the sole conduct and control of all claims

b)     these clauses will not apply to any liability which is insured under any other policy.

6.1    Corporate Manslaughter and Corporate Homicide Act 2007
       We will indemnify you in respect of legal costs and expenses incurred with our prior written consent in connection with the
       defence of any criminal proceedings including any appeal against conviction arising from any such proceedings brought in
       respect of a charge or investigations connected with a charge of corporate manslaughter or corporate homicide under the
       Corporate Manslaughter and Corporate Homicide Act 2007 or any equivalent legislation in the Isle of Man or the Channel
       Islands committed or alleged to have been committed during the period of insurance and which relates to any event arising in
       the course of the business involving bodily injury which is or may be the subject of indemnity under this section.

       Provided always that:

       a)      our liability under this clause will not exceed £5,000,000 in any one period of insurance. This limit will form part of and
               not be in addition to the limit of indemnity

       b)      this clause will only apply to proceedings brought in Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands

       c)      we must consent in writing to the appointment of any solicitor or counsel who are to act for and on your behalf

       d)      you will give us immediate notice of any summons or other process served upon you which may give rise to proceedings
               under this clause

       e)      in relation to any appeal counsel has advised there are strong prospects of such appeal succeeding


                                                                                                                                                   45
           f)     we will be under no liability:

                  i)      where you have committed any deliberate or intentional act or omission giving rise to a corporate manslaughter
                          or corporate homicide charge

                  ii)     in respect of fines or penalties of any kind

                  iii)    in respect of the defence of any criminal proceedings brought or in an appeal against conviction arising from
                          such proceedings in respect of a breach of the Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974 or the Health and Safety
                          at Work (Northern Ireland) Order 1978 or any regulations made thereunder

                  iv)     where indemnity for defence costs is available from any other source or provided by any other insurance or where
                          but for the existence of this clause indemnity would have been provided by such other source or insurance

           g)     where we have already indemnified you in respect of legal costs or expenses incurred in the defence of any criminal
                  proceedings arising out of the same cause or occurrence which gave rise to the charge of or investigation connected
                  with corporate manslaughter or corporate homicide under another clause of this section the amount paid under that
                  clause will be taken into account in arriving at our liability payable under this clause.

     6.2   Court Attendance Expenses
           We will pay you the daily rates shown below if any such people are required to attend court as a witness at our request:

           a)     you or your partner or director     £250

           b)     any employee                        £100

     6.3   Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974
           We will also indemnify you and at your request any director or employee against:

           a)     costs and expenses incurred with our prior consent

           b)     costs awarded against you or such director or employee

           in the defence of any criminal proceedings arising from an alleged breach of the Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974 or the
           Health and Safety at Work (Northern Ireland) Order 1978 occurring during the period of insurance and which relates to any
           event arising in the course of the business involving bodily injury which is or may be the subject of indemnity under this
           section including in any appeal against conviction arising from such proceedings.

           Provided always that this will not apply to:

           i)     fines or penalties of any kind

           ii)    costs in respect of which you or any director or employee has effected a more specific legal expenses protection or
                  insurance

           iii)   proceedings or appeals consequent upon any deliberate act or omission and you will immediately repay us all costs and
                  expenses paid by us prior to any deliberate act or omission being established

           iv)    proceedings not related to the health, safety or welfare of an employee.

     6.4   Indemnity to Other Persons
           We will also indemnify at your request:

           a)     any director or employee

           b)     any public or local authority or other principal for whom you are or have been carrying out work but only to the extent
                  required under the contract for the work

           c)     any employee acting as a member of your first aid or medical arrangements but excluding medical practitioners in
                  respect of liability for damages and legal costs to any other employee resulting from treatment given in connection with
                  any bodily injury caused to such person and arising out of and in the course of the employment of such person by you

           d)     any officer or member of your canteen, social, sports or welfare organisations.

     6.5   Private Work
           This section applies to private work carried out by any employees for you or any of your directors or executives.

     6.6   Unsatisfied Court Judgments
           If any employee or their personal representatives obtains a judgment for damages for bodily injury against any company or
           individual operating from premises within Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands and that
           judgment remains unpaid for more than 6 months after the date of the award we will pay at your request the amount of any
           unpaid damages and awarded costs to the employee or their personal representatives.



46
       Provided always that:

       a)      the bodily injury:

               i)     is caused during the period of insurance

               ii)    arises out of and in the course of their employment in the business

       b)      there is no appeal outstanding.

       If any payment is made under this clause the employee or their personal representatives will assign the judgment to us.


Special Exclusions Applicable to Section 6
This section does not cover

1.     Motor
       liability for which compulsory motor insurance or security is required under road traffic legislation

2.     Work Offshore
       liability for bodily injury caused:

       a)      on any offshore installation or support or accommodation vessel for any offshore installation

       b)      in transit to, from or between any offshore installation support or accommodation vessel for any offshore installation

3.     Work Overseas
       liability in respect of any bodily injury caused outside Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands
       but this exclusion will not apply to any employee temporarily employed elsewhere provided always that the contract of service
       or apprenticeship was entered into within Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands.


Special Provisions Applicable to Section 6
1.     Limit of Indemnity
       Our liability will not exceed the sum stated in the schedule including all Costs and Expenses (other than any limit otherwise
       stated) and any limit applies to any claim or series of claims arising from any one cause.

2.     Terrorism Limitation
       The limit of indemnity in respect of any one claim against you or by you or series of claims against you or by you arising
       directly or indirectly from Terrorism will be £5,000,000.




                                                                                                                                          47
     Section 7 – Public and Products Liability
     Special Definitions
     Clean Up Costs
     a)     Testing for or monitoring of pollution or contamination

     b)     the costs of Remediation required by any Enforcing Authority to a standard reasonably achievable by the methods available at
            the time that such Remediation commences.

     Costs and Expenses
     a)     Claimants’ costs and expenses which you become legally liable to pay

     b)     costs incurred with our written consent in defending any claim for damages

     c)     costs incurred with our written consent for:

            i)      representation at any coroner’s inquest or fatal injury inquiry

            ii)     defending in any court of summary jurisdiction any proceedings in respect of any act or omission relating to any event
                    which may be the subject of indemnity under this section.

     Data
     Data of any sort whatever, including without limitation tangible or intangible data, and any programs or software, bandwidth,
     cryptographic keys, databases, documents, domain names or network addresses or anything similar, files, interfaces, metadata,
     platforms, processing capability, storage media, transaction gateways, user credentials, websites, or any information whatever.

     Enforcing Authority
     Any government or statutory authority or body implementing or enforcing environmental protection legislation within Great Britain,
     Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands and Isle of Man.

     Products
     Any commodities or goods or any thing including packaging, containers and labels sold, supplied, hired out, constructed, erected,
     installed, treated, repaired, serviced, processed, stored, handled, transported or disposed of by you or on your behalf or any structure
     constructed, erected or installed or contract work executed by you or on your behalf in the course of the business.

     Remediation
     Remedying the effects of pollution or contamination including primary, complementary and compensatory actions as specified in the
     Environmental Damage (Prevention and Remediation) Regulations 2009.

     Territorial Limits
     a)     In respect of sub-section 7 a): anywhere within the limits of Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of
            Man and including work carried out during temporary visits anywhere in the world in connection with the business by directors
            and employees.

     b)     In respect of sub-section 7 b): anywhere in the world in respect of Products supplied in or from Great Britain, Northern Ireland,
            the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man.


     The Cover

     Sub-Section 7 a) – Public Liability
     We will indemnify you in respect of all sums which you may become legally liable to pay as damages in respect of:

     a)     accidental bodily injury to any person other than an employee where such bodily injury arises out of and in the course of
            their employment

     b)     accidental damage to material property

     c)     accidental obstruction, accidental trespass, accidental nuisance, accidental interference with pedestrian, road, rail, air or
            waterborne traffic, accidental invasion of the right of privacy excluding any liability arising under Regulation (EU) 2016/679
            (General Data Protection Regulation) or Data Protection Act 2018, or accidental interference with any right of air, light, water or
            way

     d)     unlawful detention, imprisonment or arrest

     occurring during the period of insurance within the Territorial Limits in respect of the business.

48
We will also pay Costs and Expenses. Costs and Expenses are payable in addition to the limit of indemnity other than in respect of
claims made or brought in the United States of America or Canada where the limit of indemnity will be inclusive of Costs and Expenses.


Clauses Applicable to Sub-Section 7 a)
7.A.1 Contingent Motor Liability (Non-Owned Vehicles)
       We will also indemnify you in respect of your legal liability for accidental bodily injury to any person or accidental damage to
       property arising out of the use of any motor vehicle not the property of nor provided by you and being used in connection with
       the business.

       Provided always that we will not be liable:

       a)     in respect of damage to such vehicle or to goods conveyed therein or thereon

       b)     for accidental bodily injury to any person or accidental damage to material property arising while such vehicle is being
              driven by you or by any person who to your knowledge does not hold a licence to drive such vehicle unless such person
              has held and is not disqualified from holding or obtaining such a licence

       c)     in respect of liability more specifically insured under any other insurance

       d)     in respect of liability arising outside Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man.

7.A.2 Data Protection
       We will also indemnify you for legal costs and expenses incurred with our prior consent, and all sums you are required to pay
       as damages to an individual arising from proceedings brought against you under:

       a)     Sections 168 and 169 of the Data Protection Act 2018

       b)     Article 82 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).

       Provided always that:

       i)     we shall not be liable under this extension for:

              1)      fines, penalties, liquidated, punitive or exemplary damages

              2)      the costs of notifying any person regarding loss of personal data

              3)      the cost of replacing, reinstating, rectifying or erasing any personal data
              4)      any deliberate or intentional criminal act or omission giving rise to any claim under this extension committed
                      by you

       ii)    our liability under this extension shall not exceed £1,000,000 in any one period of insurance.

7.A.3 Defective Premises Act 1972
       We will also indemnify you in respect of your legal liability under Section 3 of the Defective Premises Act 1972 or Section 5 of
       the Defective Premises (Northern Ireland) Order 1975 in respect of premises which have been disposed of by you.

       Provided always that we will not be liable under this extension:

       a)     for the cost of remedying any defect or alleged defect in the said premises

       b)     in respect of liability more specifically insured under any other insurance.

7.A.4 Libel and Slander
       We will also indemnify you in respect of all sums which you may become legally liable to pay as damages in respect of claims
       made against you during the period of insurance arising from any act of libel or slander committed or uttered in good faith by
       you during the period of insurance in the course of the business.

       Provided always that:

       a)     this indemnity will apply solely to your in-house and trade publications

       b)     our liability under this clause will not exceed £250,000 in any one period of insurance.

7.A.5 Personal Liability
       At your request this section will apply to the personal liability of any:

       a)     director or employee or any member of the family of such director or employee in connection with the business

       b)     member of sports and social clubs operating in the business whilst engaged in club activities.




                                                                                                                                          49
            Provided always that:

            i)      this will not apply to liability more specifically insured under any other insurance

            ii)     any person indemnified will as if they were you fulfil and be subject to the terms and conditions of this policy

            iii)    we will not be liable under this clause unless we have the sole conduct and control of all claims.


     Exclusions Applicable to Sub-Section 7 a)
     Sub-Section 7 a) does not cover:

     1.     Motor
            liability arising from your ownership or possession or use by or on your behalf of any mechanically propelled vehicle or
            mobile plant:

            a)      which is licensed for road use

            b)      for which compulsory motor insurance or security is required

            c)      which is more specifically insured.

            Provided always that this exclusion will not apply in respect of:

            i)      liability not more specifically insured under any other policy arising during the act of loading or unloading mechanically
                    propelled vehicles or mobile plant or the bringing to or the taking away of a load from such vehicle or such plant

            ii)     the use of any mechanically propelled vehicle or mobile plant solely as a tool of trade unless more specifically insured or
                    unless compulsory motor insurance or security is required

            iii)    the unauthorised movement on your premises or contract site of any mechanically propelled vehicle or mobile plant
                    unless more specifically insured or unless compulsory motor insurance or security is required

     2.     Products
            liability arising from Products after they have ceased to be in your custody or control excluding food or beverages for
            consumption on your premises or at any other premises where you are carrying on the business

     3.     Property Being Worked on
            damage to that part of any property upon which you or any servant or agent of yours is or has been working where the
            damage is the direct result of such work

     4.     Property Held in Trust
            damage to property belonging to you or held in trust by or borrowed, rented, leased or hired for use by you but this exclusion
            will not apply to:

            a)      the personal effects including vehicles and their contents of directors, employees and visitors

            b)      buildings or their contents temporarily occupied by you for the purpose of carrying out work therein or thereon

            c)      premises or fixtures and fittings therein hired, rented, leased or lent to you excluding such damage if liability is assumed
                    by you under a tenancy or other agreement and would not have attached in the absence of such agreement

     5.     Property Damage Excess
            the first £250 of damages payable for damage to material property in respect of any one occurrence or all occurrences of a
            series arising out of one original cause.

            Provided always that you will indemnify us in respect of any such amount for which we have made a payment

     6.     Vessels and Craft
            liability arising from your ownership or possession or use by or on your behalf of craft designed to travel through air or space,
            hovercraft or watercraft excluding barges, motor launches and non-powered craft used on inland waterways

     7.     Excluding Tour Operators Liability
            any claim arising in connection with legal liability incurred by you arising in connection with the sale or provision of travel or
            accommodation, holidays, package tours, excursions or business trips or arising from The Package Travel, Package Holidays and
            Package Tours Regulations 1992 or any similar legislation or Statutory Instrument for the time being in force within the
            European Union or equivalent legislation.




50
Sub-Section 7 b) – Products Liability
We will indemnify you in respect of all sums which you may become legally liable to pay as damages in respect of:

a)     accidental death of or accidental bodily injury to any person other than an employee where such death or bodily injury
       arises out of and in the course of their employment

b)     accidental damage to material property

occurring during the period of insurance within the Territorial Limits and caused by Products.

We will also pay Costs and Expenses. Costs and Expenses are payable in addition to the limit of indemnity other than in respect of
claims arising made or brought in the United States of America or Canada where the limit of indemnity will be inclusive of Costs
and Expenses.


Exclusions Applicable to Sub-Section 7 b)
Sub-Section 7 b) does not cover:

1.     Aircraft Products
       liability arising from Products which at the time of the contract of sale or supply are knowingly sold or supplied for use in craft
       designed to travel through air or space

2.     Property in your Custody
       liability arising from any Products in your custody or control

3.     Replacing or rectifying Products
       replacing, reinstating, rectifying, recalling or guaranteeing the performance of Products.


Automatic Extensions Applicable to the Whole of Section 7
1.     Corporate Manslaughter and Corporate Homicide Act 2007
       We will indemnify you against legal costs and expenses incurred with our prior written consent in the defence of any criminal
       proceedings including any appeal against conviction arising from such proceedings arising from any such prosecution or
       investigations connected with a charge of corporate manslaughter or corporate homicide under the Corporate Manslaughter
       and Corporate Homicide Act 2007 or any equivalent legislation in the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands committed or alleged
       to have been committed during the period of insurance in the course of the business and which relates to any event involving
       bodily injury which is or may be the subject of indemnity under this section.
       Provided always that:
       a)     our liability under this extension will not exceed £5,000,000 in any one period of insurance. This limit will form part of
              and not be in addition to the limit of indemnity
       b)     this extension will only apply to proceedings brought in Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel islands or the Isle
              of Man
       c)     we must consent in writing to the appointment of any solicitor or counsel who are to act for and on your behalf
       d)     you will give us immediate notice of any summons or other process served upon you which may give rise to proceedings
              under this extension
       e)     in relation to any appeal counsel has advised there are strong prospects of such appeal succeeding
       f)     we will be under no liability:
              i)      where you have committed a deliberate or intentional act giving rise to a charge of corporate manslaughter or
                      corporate homicide
              ii)     in respect of fines or penalties of any kind
              iii)    in the defence of any criminal proceedings brought or in an appeal against conviction arising from such
                      proceedings in respect of a breach of:
                      1)       the Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974 or any regulations made thereunder
                      2)       the Consumer Protection Act 1987 or any regulations made thereunder
                      3)       the Food Safety Act 1990 or any regulations made thereunder
              iv)     where indemnity for defence costs is available from any other source or provided by any other insurance or where
                      but for the existence of this extension indemnity would have been provided by such other source or insurance



                                                                                                                                             51
          g)     where we have already indemnified you in respect of legal costs or expenses incurred in the defence of any criminal
                 proceedings arising out of the same cause or occurrence which gave rise to the charge of or investigation connected
                 with corporate manslaughter or corporate homicide under another extension of this section the amount paid under that
                 extension will be taken into account in arriving at our liability payable under this extension.

     2.   Costs of Criminal Proceedings
          We will also indemnify you and at your request any director or employee against:

          a)     legal costs and expenses incurred with our written consent

          b)     costs incurred with our written consent in the defence of any criminal proceedings brought against you or such director
                 or employee for an alleged breach of:

                 i)     the Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974 or the Health and Safety at Work (Northern Ireland) Order 1978

                 ii)    Part II of the Consumer Protection Act 1987

                 iii)   Part II of the Food Safety Act 1990

          occurring during the period of insurance in the business and which relates to any event involving bodily injury or loss of or
          damage to material property which is or may be the subject of indemnity under this section including legal costs and expenses
          incurred with our prior consent in any appeal against conviction arising from such proceedings.

          Provided always that this indemnity will not apply to:

          i)     fines or penalties of any kind

          ii)    costs in respect of which you or any director or employee has effected a more specific legal expenses protection or
                 insurance

          iii)   proceedings or appeals consequent upon any deliberate act or omission and you will immediately repay us all costs and
                 expenses paid by us prior to any deliberate act or omission being established

          iv)    proceedings related to health, safety or welfare of employees.

     3.   Court Attendance Costs
          In addition to the limit of indemnity we will pay you the daily rates stated below if any of these people are required to attend
          court as a witness at our request:

          a)     any director or partner   £250

          b)     any employee              £100

     4.   Environmental Clean Up Costs
          We will indemnify you in respect of all sums including statutory debts that you are legally liable to pay in respect of Clean Up
          Costs arising from environmental damage caused by pollution or contamination where such liability arises under an
          environmental directive, statute or statutory instrument.

          Provided always that:

          a)     liability arises from pollution or contamination caused by a sudden, identifiable, unintended and unexpected incident
                 which takes place in its entirety at a specific time and place during the period of insurance. All pollution or contamination
                 which arises out of one incident will be deemed to have occurred at the same time such incident takes place

          b)     our liability under this extension will not exceed £1,000,000 for any one occurrence and in the aggregate in any one
                 period of insurance and will be the maximum we will pay inclusive of all costs and expenses. This limit will form part of
                 and not be in addition to the limit of indemnity stated in the schedule

          c)     immediate loss prevention or salvage action is taken and the appropriate authorities are notified

          d)     we will be under no liability:

                 i)     in respect of Clean Up Costs for damage to your land, premises, watercourse or body of water whether owned,
                        leased, hired, tenanted or otherwise in your care, custody or control

                 ii)    for damage connected with pre-existing contaminated property

                 iii)   for damage caused by a succession of several events where such individual event would not warrant immediate
                        action

                 iv)    in respect of removal of any risk of an adverse effect on human health on your land, premises, watercourse or
                        body of water whether owned, leased, hired, tenanted or otherwise in your care, custody or control
                 v)     in respect of costs in achieving an improvement or alteration in the condition of the land, atmosphere or any
                        watercourse or body of water beyond that required under any relevant and applicable law or statutory enactment
                        at the time Remediation commences
52
               vi)     in respect of costs for prevention of imminent threat of environmental damage where such costs are incurred
                       without there being pollution or contamination caused by a sudden, identifiable, unintended and
                       unexpected incident
               vii)    for damage resulting from an alteration to subterranean stores of groundwater or to flow patterns
               viii)   in respect of costs for the reinstatement or reintroduction of flora or fauna
               ix)     for damage caused deliberately or intentionally by you or where you have knowingly deviated from
                       environmental protection rulings or where you have knowingly omitted to inspect, maintain or perform
                       necessary repairs to plant or machinery for which you are responsible
               x)      in respect of fines or penalties of any kind
               xi)     for damage caused by the ownership or operation on your behalf of any mining operations or storage,
                       treatment or disposal of waste or waste products excluding caused by composting, purification or pre-treatment
                       of waste water
               xii)    for damage which is covered by a more specific insurance policy
               xiii)   for damage caused by persons aware of the defectiveness or harmfulness of products they have placed on the
                       market or works or other services they have performed
               xiv)    for damage caused by disease in animals belonging to or kept or sold by you.

5.     Indemnity to Other Persons including Personal Representatives
       In the event of any claim in respect of which you would be entitled to receive indemnity under this section being brought or
       made against:
       a)      any director or employee
       b)      any public or local authority or other principal for whom you are or have been carrying out work but only to the extent
               required by the contract for the work
       c)      any officer or member of your catering, social, sports or welfare organisations
       d)      any employee acting as a member of your first aid or medical arrangements but excluding medical practitioners in
               respect of liability for damages and legal costs resulting from treatment given
       e)      any office, member or employee of your security or fire services
       f)      any personal representative of yours in the event of your death
       we will indemnify such person if in the case of a)-e) you so request against such claim and any costs, charges and expenses in
       respect thereof.
       Provided always that:
       i)      such person is not entitled to indemnity under any other insurance
       ii)     such person will as though they were you observe, fulfil and be subject to the terms and conditions of this policy
       iii)    we will not be liable under this extension unless we have the sole conduct and control of all claims.

6.     Joint Liabilities
       Where this policy is issued in the joint names of more than one party it will indemnify each party in the same manner as if a
       separate policy had been issued to each of them.


Special Exclusions Applicable to Section 7
This section does not cover:

1.     Asbestos
       liability directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by or arising out of any asbestos, asbestos fibres or any derivatives of
       asbestos including any product containing any asbestos fibres or derivatives

2.     Cyber
       liability arising out of any actual (or alleged) unauthorised acts (including malicious acts) which results in access to, disruption of,
       or any failure of any computer or other equipment or component or system or item which processes, stores, transmits or
       receives data.

       This exclusion is not applicable to the indemnity provided by Clause 7.A.2 – Data Protection




                                                                                                                                                  53
     3.   Foreign Operations
          any associated or subsidiary company of yours or branch office or representative of yours with power of attorney domiciled
          outside of Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man

     4.   Liquidated or Punitive Damages or Fines
          liability in respect of:

          a)      liquidated damages or fines or penalties which attaches solely because of a contract or agreement

          b)      exemplary or punitive damages awarded by any court of law outside Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands
                  or the Isle of Man

     5.   Pollution or Contamination
          liability in respect of pollution or contamination other than caused by a sudden, identifiable, unintended and unexpected
          incident which takes place in its entirety at a specific time and place during the period of insurance.

          All pollution or contamination which arises out of one incident will be deemed to have occurred at the time such incident
          takes place

     6.   Professional Advice
          liability arising out of professional advice given by you for a fee or in circumstances where a fee would normally be charged.


     Special Provisions Applicable to Section 7
     1.   Discharge of Liability
          We may at any time pay any limit of indemnity after deduction of any sum or sums already paid or any lower amount for which
          such claim or claims can be settled and then relinquish the conduct and control of and be under no further liability in respect
          of such claim or claims except for the payment of Costs and Expenses incurred with our written consent prior to the date of
          such payment.

     2.   Limit of Indemnity
          The limit of indemnity stated in the schedule is our monetary limit (other than any limit otherwise stated) and applies to any
          claim or series of claims arising from any one cause except for claims caused by:

          a)      Products

          b)      pollution or contamination

          where in respect of each the limit of indemnity applies in the aggregate in any one period of insurance.




54
Section 8 – Professional Indemnity/Errors and Omissions
Special Definitions
Asbestos Surveys
A management survey or a refurbishment or demolition survey as described in HSG264 published by the Health and Safety Executive in
connection with Regulation 4 of the Control of Asbestos Regulations 2006 or any comparable survey or inspection whether of
commercial or residential land or property.

Business
The professional services provided in the conduct of the business stated in the schedule.

Business Partner
Any person in business with you under the terms of a partnership agreement whether express or implied under legislation.

Circumstance
Incident, occurrence, fact, matter, act or omission that may give rise to a Claim.

Claim
Demand for or an assertion of a right to civil compensation or civil damages or an intimation of an intention to seek such
compensation or damages.

Defence Costs
Reasonable costs and expenses necessarily incurred with our written consent in the investigation, defence or settlement of any claim or
investigation into any circumstance which may be the subject of indemnity under this section.

Employee
Any natural person who is:

a)      under a contract of service or apprenticeship with you

b)      self–employed

c)      under a work experience or similar scheme

d)      hired or borrowed by you from another employer

and working for you in connection with the business while under your direct control or supervision.

Excess
The first amount of any Claim that is not covered under this section.

Insured
Firm, partnership, unincorporated organisation or the company stated in the schedule as the insured and your predecessors including:

a)      any current or former Business Partner, director, Member or principal or any person who becomes a Business Partner, director,
        Member or principal during the period of insurance

b)      any current or former Employee or any person who becomes an Employee during the period of insurance

c)      the personal representative of any Business Partner, director, Member, principal or Employee in the event of their death,
        incapacity, insolvency or bankruptcy.

Limit of Indemnity
Our maximum liability in respect of any one accident or series of accidents arising out of any one occurrence as stated in the schedule.

Media Material
Any information in the form of words, sounds, numbers, images or graphics in electronic, print or broadcast form but excluding
anything contained within computer software.

Member
Any member of your limited liability partnership as defined in the Limited Liability Partnerships Act 2000.




                                                                                                                                           55
     Related Entity
     Any individual or entity or its subcontractors or assignees:

     a)     which wholly or partially own, operate or manage you

     b)     in which you have an ownership interest in excess of 20%

     c)     which is controlled, operated or managed by you.

     Territorial Limits
     Worldwide.

     Terrorism
     a)     Any act, or preparation in respect of action, or threat of action designed to influence the government de jure or de facto of any
            nation or any political division of any nation, or in pursuit of political, religious, ideological, or similar purposes to intimidate the
            public or a section of the public of any nation by any person or group(s) of persons whether acting alone or on behalf of or in
            respect of any organisation(s) or government(s) de jure or de facto, and which:

            i)      involves violence against one or more persons

            ii)     involves damage to property

            iii)    endangers life excluding that of the person committing the action

            iv)     creates a risk to health or safety of the public or a section of the public

            v)      is designed to interfere with or to disrupt an electronic system

     b)     any action in controlling, preventing, suppressing, retaliating against, or responding to any act, or preparation in respect of
            action, or threat of action described in a) above.


     The Cover
     We will indemnify any Insured in respect of any Claim first made against any Insured during the period of insurance in respect of any
     civil liability including liability for claimants’ costs and expenses arising out of the conduct of the Business within the Territorial Limits.

     In addition to the Limit of Indemnity we will pay Defence Costs. Defence Costs will not be subject to any Excess.

     Where you become liable to pay a sum in excess of the amount of indemnity available under this section we will pay only the
     proportion of any Defence Costs that the amount of indemnity available under this section bears to your total liability.


     Clauses Applicable to Section 8
     8.1    Advertising Your Business
            We will also indemnify you in respect of all sums which you become legally liable to pay as damages and claimants’ costs and
            expenses in respect of a Claim first made against you and notified to us during the period of insurance due to any infringement
            of intellectual property rights or defamation arising from the advertising of your Business within the Territorial Limits.

     8.2    Acting Outside Of Authority
            We will also indemnify you in respect of all sums which you become liable to pay for media space or print time.

            Provided always that:

            a)      such sums cannot be legally recovered from your client; and

            b)      you entered any commitment in good faith in the belief that you had your client’s authority to do so; and

            c)      you have taken all reasonable steps to reduce such loss.

     8.3    Costs of Proceedings
            We will also indemnify you against reasonable legal costs and expenses necessarily incurred with our prior consent in the
            defence of any proceedings first made against you and notified to us during the period of insurance under:

            a)      the Bribery Act 2010

            b)      the Construction (Design and Management) Regulations 2015

            c)      the Corporate Manslaughter and Corporate Homicide Act 2007

            d)      the Health and Safety at Work etc Act 1974 or the Health and Safety at Work (Northern Ireland) Order 1978

            e)      any statutory or secondary legislation implementing the Council Directive 92/57/EEC or similar legislation enacted
                    elsewhere in the world.


56
      Provided always that:

      i)     the proceedings arise out of the conduct of the Business; and

      ii)    the circumstances giving rise to such proceedings may otherwise give rise to an indemnity under this section; and

      iii)   in our reasonable belief the defence of such proceedings would assist in the defence of any Claim against you.

      Any subsequent or concurrent civil action arising out of proceedings notified hereunder will be deemed to be notified in
      accordance with Special Condition 1.

      For the purpose of this clause the Excess will be £2,500 or the Excess stated in the schedule whichever is the lesser.

      Our liability will not exceed £1,000,000 in the aggregate or the Limit of Indemnity in the aggregate stated in the schedule
      whichever is the lesser during the period of insurance and this limit will form part of and not be in addition to the Limit of
      Indemnity stated in the schedule.

8.4   Court Attendance Costs
      We will also pay you the daily rates stated below if any of these people are required to attend court as a witness at our request:

      a)     any Business Partner, director or Member     £500

      b)     any Employee                                 £250

      Our liability will not exceed £25,000 in the aggregate during the period of insurance and this limit will form part of and not be
      in addition to the Limit of Indemnity stated in the schedule.

8.5   Defamation or Malicious Fabrication
      We will also indemnify you in respect of all sums which you become legally liable to pay as damages and claimants’ costs and
      expenses in respect of a Claim first made against you and notified to us during the period of insurance arising out of any
      defamation or malicious fabrication (including slander of title and goods) committed in the conduct of the Business within the
      Territorial Limits unless any statement was known or ought reasonably to have been known at the time to have been
      defamatory, misleading, false or deceptive.

8.6   Distribution
      We will also indemnify you in respect of all sums which you become legally liable to pay as damages and claimants’ costs and
      expenses in respect of a Claim first made against you and notified to us during the period of insurance arising out of any
      breach of a distribution agreement or licence committed in the course of the Business within the Territorial Limits.

8.7   Distributors and Purchasers
      We will also indemnify you in respect of all sums which you become legally liable to pay as damages and claimants’ costs and
      expenses in respect of a Claim arising out of the conduct of the Business within the Territorial Limits brought against anyone
      who has purchased, co-produced or distributed your Media Material during the period of insurance such Claim being brought
      within 3 years of the date the Media Material was purchased or the distribution agreed.

      Provided always that the purchaser, co-producer or distributor:

      a)     has not caused or contributed to the liability

      b)     has advised you promptly of the Claim

      c)     has not admitted liability or prejudiced the Claim before we were notified

      d)     agrees that we control the defence of the Claim

      e)     provides us with all the information we require to defend the Claim

      f)     was advised by you of these provisions in a certificate which we have issued to confirm cover.

      Our liability will not exceed 5 times the Limit of Indemnity stated in the schedule in the aggregate for all Claims arising from
      each production of Media Material purchased, co-produced or distributed.

8.8   Fee Costs
      We may also at our discretion pay your outstanding fee in circumstances where your client has expressed dissatisfaction with
      your work and demonstrates reasonable grounds for such dissatisfaction and subsequent refusal to pay such fee (including
      amounts you are legally obligated to pay subcontractors at the time of the refusal to pay such fee) and threatens to bring a
      Claim against you for a sum greater than the outstanding fee but agrees not to pursue such Claim if you agree not to press for
      your outstanding fee.

      Our payment of your outstanding fee will only be made if we believe that this will avoid a Claim for a greater amount. If
      following this a Claim still arises then the amount paid under this clause will be deducted from the Limit of Indemnity. If you
      eventually recover the outstanding fee or any part thereof then you must repay us any amount you recover less your
      reasonable expenses necessarily incurred in recovering the outstanding fee.

                                                                                                                                           57
     8.9    Infringement of Intellectual Property Rights
            We will also indemnify you in respect of all sums which you become legally liable to pay as damages and claimants’ costs and
            expenses in respect of a Claim first made against you and notified to us during the period of insurance arising out of any
            infringement of intellectual property rights including copyright, patent, trademark, music rights, performing rights, title
            infringement, broadcasting rights or moral rights or any act or passing off committed in the conduct of the Business within the
            Territorial Limits.

     8.10   Loss of Documents
            We will also pay the reasonable costs incurred by you with our consent for the restoration or replacement of all records
            associated with the Business including computer systems records but excluding negotiable instruments of whatsoever nature
            held by you or for which you are legally responsible which have been accidentally lost or damaged. Provided always that any
            computer systems records are backed up no less frequently than once every 7 days or as otherwise agreed by us and are held at
            a separate location.

            Our liability will not exceed £1,000,000 in the aggregate during the period of insurance and this limit will form part of and not
            be in addition to the Limit of Indemnity stated in the schedule.

     8.11   Misuse of Information
            We will also indemnify you in respect of all sums which you become legally liable to pay as damages and claimants’ costs and
            expenses in respect of a Claim first made against you and notified to us during the period of insurance arising out of a breach
            of confidence or misuse of any information which is either confidential or subject to statutory restrictions on its use committed
            in the conduct of the Business within the Territorial Limits.

     8.12   Privacy
            We will also indemnify you in respect of all sums which you become legally liable to pay as damages and claimants’ costs and
            expenses in respect of a Claim first made against you and notified to us during the period of insurance arising out of any
            infringement of any right to privacy or trespass committed in the conduct of the Business within the Territorial Limits.

     8.13   Production of Information
            We will also indemnify you against any reasonable legal costs and expenses necessarily incurred with our prior consent and
            notified to us during the period of insurance in challenging any subpoena or other court proceeding served during the period of
            insurance requiring you to provide documentation or evidence relating to a source of information used in your Media Material
            provided always that in our view there is reasonable chance of success.

            Our liability will not exceed £100,000 in the aggregate during the period of insurance and this limit will form part of and not be
            in addition to the Limit of Indemnity stated in the schedule.

     8.14   Rectification Costs
            We may also at our discretion pay any reasonable costs and expenses you incur to rectify any problem that you but not your
            client become aware of that could result in a Claim provided always that you can demonstrate to our satisfaction that these
            costs and expenses are less than the amount of a potential Claim which would have been covered under this policy if the
            problem were not rectified.

            In circumstances where you are unable to obtain our prior written consent due to time constraints or the problem occurring out
            of usual office hours or we lack sufficiently detailed information to grant our consent we will pay reasonable costs and expenses.

            Provided always that:

            a)     you can demonstrate to our satisfaction that following rectification of a problem your client has received the same level
                   and quality of service that they were originally entitled to; and

            b)     you have spent the minimum amount necessary to rectify any problem; and

            c)     you notify us within 10 working days of the problem being first discovered; and

            d)     you have given us the information and documentation we require to support the actions you have taken and the
                   additional costs and expenses you have incurred.

            If notwithstanding the above a Claim still arises then the amount paid under this clause will be deducted from the Limit of
            Indemnity.

     8.15   Representation Costs
            We will also cover any reasonable costs and expenses necessarily incurred with our written consent for representation at any
            official examination, enquiry, investigation or other proceedings ordered or commissioned by a body legally empowered to
            investigate your affairs that are first instigated against you and notified to us during the period of insurance and which may
            otherwise be the subject of indemnity under this section.
            Our liability will not exceed £25,000 in the aggregate during the period of insurance and this limit will form part of and not be
            in addition to the Limit of Indemnity stated in the schedule.

58
8.16   Virus Transmission
       We will also indemnify you for Claims first made against you and notified to us during the period of insurance arising out of
       your unintentional transmission of program code, programming instruction or any set of instructions intentionally constructed
       with the ability to damage, interfere with or otherwise adversely affect computer programs, data files or operations whether
       involving self-replication or not including but not limited to Trojan horses, worms and logic bombs which causes damage to any
       independent third party provided always that such code, instruction or set of instructions was not created by you.
       Provided always that our liability will not exceed £250,000 in the aggregate during the period of insurance and this limit will
       form part of and not be in addition to the Limit of Indemnity stated in the schedule.

Special Exclusions Applicable to Section 8
This section does not cover:

1.     Asbestos
       liability, loss, cost or expense directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by or arising out of any asbestos, asbestos fibres or
       any derivatives of asbestos including any product containing any asbestos fibres or derivatives unless arising out of a breach of
       professional duty due to any negligent act, error or omission committed or alleged to have been committed in the conduct of
       the Business.
       Provided always that:
       a)       this section will not cover liability for:
                i)      Asbestos Surveys
                ii)     bodily injury, mental injury, sickness, mental anguish, shock or the fear of suffering thereof sustained by any person
       b)       our liability including Defence Costs will not exceed £1,000,000 in the aggregate or the Limit of Indemnity in the
                aggregate stated in the schedule whichever is the lesser during the period of insurance and this limit will form part of
                and not be in addition to the Limit of Indemnity stated in the schedule

2.     Bodily Injury and Property Damage
       liability for:
       a)       bodily injury, mental injury, mental anguish or shock sustained by any person excluding emotional distress arising from
                libel and slander
       b)       damage to property
       unless arising out of a breach of professional duty due to any negligent act, error or omission committed or alleged to have
       been committed by you

3.     Claims by Related Entities
       any Claim brought by any Insured or any Related Entity unless such Claim emanates from an independent third party

4.     Competition, Restraint of Trade or Taxation
       liability arising from the breach of any taxation, competition, restraint of trade or antitrust legislation or regulation

5.     Competitions and Voting
       liability arising out of:
       a)       the outcome or operation of any game, promotion, contest or lottery
       b)       any telephone or on-line voting

6.     Contractual Liability
       liability arising from:
       a)       any express warranty, guarantee, contractual promise, indemnity, waiver or express agreement given by you unless you
                would have been liable even if there had not been any such warranty, guarantee, contractual promise, indemnity, waiver
                or agreement
       b)       any Claim where your right of recovery from any third party has been restricted by the terms of any contract entered
                into by you

7.     Criminal or Malicious Acts
       liability arising out of any criminal, fraudulent or malicious act, error or omission committed by any Insured or on the direction
       of any Business Partner, director, Member or principal unless:
       a)       committed by any Employee which term for the purpose of this clause will not include any principal, Business Partner,
                director or Member of yours; and
       b)       there is no reasonable cause for suspicion in relation to such person.
                                                                                                                                                 59
           Provided always that:

           i)      in the event of a loss being sustained as a result of any criminal, fraudulent or malicious act, error or omission the
                   amount of indemnity under this section will be reduced by an amount equal to the sum of:

                   1)      any monies owed by you to any person committing, condoning or contributing to the act or omission

                   2)      any monies held by you and belonging to such person; and

           ii)     no person committing, condoning or contributing to any criminal, fraudulent or malicious act, error or omission is
                   entitled to an indemnity under this policy

     8.    Directors and Officers Liability
           liability while any Insured is carrying out the duties of:

           a)      a director or officer of you or any other body corporate

           b)      a trustee of any pension fund or any other employee benefit scheme

     9.    Distributors and Purchasers
           liability arising under clause 8.7 where the Claim is made more than 36 months after the commencement of this policy period
           stated in the Evidence of Insurance Certificate issued by us to confirm cover to the relevant purchaser or distributor

     10.   Employment
           liability arising out of:

           a)      bodily injury, mental injury, sickness, mental anguish or shock of any Business Partner, director, employee, Member,
                   principal or Employee while in the course of their employment with you

           b)      any obligation owed by you as an employer or potential employer to any director or Employee or applicant for employment

           c)      any express or implied terms of a partnership agreement or membership agreement

     11.   Failure to Effect or Maintain Insurance
           liability arising out of the advising, requiring, obtaining or maintaining of any form of insurance, suretyship or bond or the
           failure to do so

     12.   Failure to Follow Legal Advice
           liability arising out of your failure to follow legal advice concerning the content of Media Material

     13.   Failure to Obtain Permission
           liability arising out of your failure to:

           a)      obtain the correct licenses, permissions or visas for locations or shoots

           b)      ensure that you have obtained all the necessary clearances for any Media Material in the country in which it will be shown

     14.   Film Stock
           liability arising from the use of incorrect raw film stock or video tape

     15.   Goods and Services
           liability arising from any contract or arrangement for the supply to or use by you of goods or services

     16.   Government
           liability arising from any Claim or investigation brought by any government body or authority

     17.   Insolvency
           liability arising out of your insolvency or bankruptcy. This exclusion will not apply to any Claim or Circumstance that would
           be covered under this policy but for your insolvency or bankruptcy

     18.   Libel and Slander
           liability arising out of any act of libel or slander unless committed or uttered in good faith by any Insured

     19.   Liquidated or Punitive Damages or Fines
           any amount in respect of:

           a)      liquidated damages, penalties or fines which attach solely because of a contract or agreement

           b)      punitive or exemplary damages



60
20.   Negatives, Films, Prints and Electronic Media
      liability arising from damage to any negative, exposed or unexposed film, print, library stock or magnetic or electronic media
      unless it has been duplicated where such duplicate can be used to restore them to their original state

21.   Obscenity
      liability arising out of any obscenity, blasphemy or pornographic material

22.   Patents
      liability arising out of the alleged infringement of any patent

23.   Pension Liability
      liability arising out of the operation or administration of any pension or other employee benefit scheme

24.   Pollution or Contamination
      liability, loss, cost or expense directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by or arising out of:
      a)      pollution or contamination unless arising out of a breach of professional duty due to any negligent act, error or
              omission committed or alleged to have been committed in the conduct of the Business
      b)      any Environmental Audit.
      Our liability including Defence Costs will not exceed the Limit of Indemnity in the aggregate during the period of insurance and
      this limit will form part of and not be in addition to the Limit of Indemnity stated in the schedule

25.   Prior Circumstances and Claims
      liability arising from:
      a)      any Circumstance, fact, matter or occurrence that:
              i)      you knew or that in our reasonable opinion you ought to have known prior to inception of this section which
                      might give rise to a Claim against you
              ii)     was notified by you under any other insurance policy prior to inception of this section
              iii)    was disclosed or in our reasonable opinion ought to have been disclosed on your latest proposal to us
      b)      any Claim made against any Insured prior to inception of this section

26.   Products and Buildings
      liability arising out of any:
      a)      supply, repair, alteration, manufacture, installation or maintenance of goods, materials or products
      b)      construction, repair, installation, erection, removal or demolishing of buildings, building works or physical structures
      by any Insured, subcontractor or any Related Entity

27.   Products Harmful to Health
      liability arising out of any product that contains tobacco, nicotine, alcohol or any pharmaceutical product which is or becomes
      harmful, dangerous or hazardous in any way to the health of any person, animal or plant

28.   Property and Transport
      liability arising out of the ownership, possession or use by you or on your behalf of any land, building, aircraft, watercraft, or
      mechanically propelled vehicle

29.   Retroactive Date
      liability for any Claim arising from the Business provided by you prior to the retroactive date stated in the schedule

30.   Stunts
      liability arising out of any stunt or similar activity during the making or production of Media Material

31.   Terrorism
      loss, damage, consequential loss, cost or expense directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by, resulting from or arising
      out of or in connection with Terrorism.
      In any action or suit or other proceedings where we allege that by reason of this exclusion cover is not provided under this
      section the burden of proving that cover is provided under this section will be upon you

32.   Title Infringement (USA)
      liability arising out of any title infringement in the United States of America unless a satisfactory title report was first obtained
      and cleared as satisfactory following legal advice from a qualified lawyer

                                                                                                                                              61
     33.   Trading Losses
           liability arising out of any trading loss or trading debt or your liability for VAT or its equivalent

     34.   Under-budgeting
           any Claim or Defence Costs arising out of you overrunning or exceeding any budget fixed or agreed with any client where your
           neglect, error or omission relates solely to your oversight in failing to keep within such budget

     35.   USA Regulatory
           any liability arising out of:
           a)      any pollution or contamination of any kind
           b)      any actual or alleged violation of any responsibilities, obligations or duties imposed by the Employee Retirement Income
                   Security Act of 1974 or any amendment thereof
           c)      any actual or alleged violation of any provision of the Securities Act of 1933 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or any
                   similar federal or state law or any common law relating thereto
           d)      any actual or alleged violation of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organisation Act 18 USC Section 1961 ET SEQ
                   and any amendments thereto or any Rules or Regulations announced thereunder
           e)      any actual or alleged violations of any responsibilities, obligations or duties imposed by the Money Laundering Control
                   Act of 1981 or amendment thereof
           f)      any actual or alleged violations of any responsibilities, obligations or duties imposed by the Bank Security Act of 1970
                   and the Right of Financial Privacy Act of 1978 or amendment thereof.

     Special Provisions Applicable to Section 8
     1.    Discharge of Liability
           We may at any time pay in connection with any Claim the maximum amount payable under this section after deduction of any
           sum already paid in respect of such Claim or any lower amount for which any Claim can be settled and then relinquish the
           conduct and control and be under no further liability in respect of the Claim except for the payment of Defence Costs incurred
           with our written consent prior to the date of such payment.

     2.    Joint Liabilities
           If the Insured comprise more than one party we will indemnify each party as though a separate policy had been issued to each
           of them provided always that the total amount of indemnity to all such parties will not exceed the amount payable if the
           Insured comprised only one party.

     3.    Limit of Indemnity
           The Limit of Indemnity stated in the schedule is our monetary limit (other than any limit otherwise stated) and applies to any
           one Claim.
           All Claims against any one or more of the Insured arising from:
           a)      one act or omission
           b)      one series of related acts or omissions
           c)      the same act or omission in a series of related matters or transactions
           d)      similar acts or omissions in omissions in a series of related matters or transactions
           e)      one matter or transaction
           will be regarded as one Claim. All such Claims will be considered first made on the date upon which the earliest Claim is first made.

     4.    Queen’s Counsel
           You will not be required to contest any legal proceedings unless a Queen’s Counsel or similar authority agreed upon by you
           and us advises that on the facts of the case concerned such Claim could be contested with a reasonable prospect of success.
           If you and we cannot agree on the appointment of a Queen’s Counsel the chairman of the Bar Council will appoint one.

     5.    USA or Canada Courts Jurisdiction
           In respect of any Claims first made against you within or to enforce a judgment obtained in the United States of America,
           Canada or any of their territories or possessions:
           a)      our liability will not exceed the Limit of Indemnity in the aggregate during the period of insurance and this limit will form
                   part of and not be in addition to the Limit of Indemnity stated in the schedule
           b)      the Limit of Indemnity will include Defence Costs
           c)      Defence Costs will be subject to any Excess.

62
Special Conditions Applicable to Section 8
1.   Claims Procedures
     a)      Your Responsibilities

             It is agreed that:

             i)      on the happening of any Circumstance or on receiving verbal or written notice of any Claim you will:

                     1)      as soon as reasonably possible give notice to us; and

                     2)      as soon as reasonably possible forward to us any Claim, writ or summons issued against any Insured and
                             any notice of prosecution, inquest or fatal inquiry; and

                     3)      at your own expense and as soon as reasonably possible supply full details of the Claim in writing to us
                             together with any evidence and information that may be reasonably required by us for the purpose of
                             investigating or verifying the Claim and keep us up to date with any future evidence and information
                             received by you or reasonably required by us; and

                     4)      in the case of notification of a Circumstance supply full particulars including all material facts, dates and
                             persons involved and the reasons for anticipating that it is by definition a Circumstance

             ii)     no settlement, admission of liability, payment or promise of payment will be made to a third party without our
                     written consent.

     b)      Our Rights

             We will:

             i)      be entitled to conduct the defence or settlement of any Claim made against any Insured and they will give all
                     assistance as may be reasonably required by us; and

             ii)     be entitled to appoint legal counsel; and

             iii)    be entitled to take the benefit of any rights of any Insured against any other party before or after any Insured has
                     received indemnification under this section and they will give all assistance as may be reasonably required by us;
                     and

             iv)     treat any Circumstance notified during the period of insurance which subsequently gives rise to a Claim after the
                     period of insurance as a Claim first made during the period of insurance.

     c)      Prejudice

             Where in our opinion you have prejudiced the handling of or the settlement of any Claim the amount payable in respect
             of such Claim including Defence Costs will be reduced to such an amount as in our opinion would have been payable in
             the absence of such prejudice.

2.   Other Insurances
     If at the time of any occurrence giving rise to a Claim there is any other insurance effected by or on behalf of you providing an
     indemnity in respect of such Claim our liability will be limited to its rateable proportion. If any other insurance is subject to any
     provision whereby it is excluded from ranking concurrently with this policy in whole or in part or from contributing
     proportionally our liability under this section will be limited to any excess beyond the amount which would be payable under
     such other insurance had this policy not been effected.

3.   Sole Agent
     It is agreed that:

     a)      if more than one person, company or entity forms you the person, company or entity set out as you in the schedule will
             act for itself and be deemed to act as sole agent for every other person, company or entity forming part of you and all
             Insured Persons, companies or entities are deemed to have consented and agreed that rights of action under this policy
             are not assignable except with our prior written consent
     b)      you have the sole right to file notice or proof of loss or make a claim, adjust, receive or enforce payment of any loss

     c)      payment of any loss to you will fully release us in respect of such loss. If we agree to make payment to an Insured
             excluding you such payment will be deemed to have been made to you

     d)      you have the sole right to bring legal proceedings arising under or in respect of this section

     e)      knowledge possessed or discovery made by any person, company or entity forming part of you or by any Business
             Partner, director, Member or officer, departmental head or other senior manager or the equivalent thereof will be
             deemed to constitute knowledge possessed or discovery made by all other persons, companies or other entities forming
             part of you.


                                                                                                                                             63
     Section 9 – Personal Accident and Business Travel
     Special Definitions
     Annual Salary
     The total annual gross salary including overtime and bonuses, but excluding commission payments (unless specifically agreed otherwise)
     payable by you to the Insured Person at the date Bodily Injury is sustained.

     Overtime and bonus payments will be calculated on the average payments made during the twelve months immediately prior to the
     date Bodily Injury is sustained. Cover is only provided where overtime and bonus estimates were included in declarations to us.

     Benefit Period
     The total period (not necessarily consecutive) for which benefits for Temporary Total Disablement and/or Temporary Partial Disablement
     are payable in respect of any one loss to an Insured Person.

     Where an Insured Person is employed by you on a fixed period contract the benefit period will cease at expiry of the contract or as
     defined in the schedule whichever is earlier.

     Bodily Injury
     An identifiable physical injury caused by an Event.

     Catastrophic Injury
     A Bodily Injury that results in Hemiplegia, Paraplegia, Quadriplegia, Triplegia, the amputation of an upper or lower limb at or above the
     wrist or ankle, an acquired brain injury or severe burns that permanently prevents an Insured Person from returning to their pre-accident
     employment.

     In respect of any one Insured Person a benefit will not be payable under Sub-Section 9 A. Benefit 2. if Sub-Section 9 A. Additional cover
     1 is claimed for, and vice versa.

     Cancellation or Curtailment Limit
     The maximum amount for which we can be held liable in respect of all claims under Sub-Section 9 F for loss and expense arising out of
     any one Event.

     Channel Islands
     Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, Herm, Jethou and Brecqhou.

     Child
     Any child of an Insured Person who is unmarried and dependant and under 18 years of age or under 25 years of age if in full time education.

     Consultants’ Costs
     Reasonable fees and expenses of our chosen consultants necessarily incurred in response to a Kidnap.

     Conveyance
     An aircraft, ship, train, coach or similar means of transport which operates under a scheduled published timetable.

     Corpore
     One of the providers on our behalf of catastrophic injury rehabilitation services. Please note that these services are supplied by third
     parties who are contracted to us.

     Country of Permanent Residence
     The country where an Insured Person resides indefinitely or where an Insured Person has the intent to reside indefinitely.

     For the purpose of this definition the Channel Islands as a single group of territories, the Isle of Man and the United Kingdom will each
     be treated as separate and distinct countries.

     Country of Secondment
     The country where an Insured Person:
     a)      temporarily resides under a contract of employment with you

     b)      undertakes an activity on your behalf and at your request

     for more than 12 months and agreed by us in a Country of Secondment endorsement attached to and forming part of this policy.
     For the purpose of this definition the Channel Islands as a single group of territories, the Isle of Man and the United Kingdom will each
     be treated as separate and distinct countries.


64
Deferment Period
The beginning of a period of temporary disablement during which compensation for Temporary Total Disablement or Temporary Partial
Disablement will not be payable.

Director
Any person holding the position of director with you excluding any non-executive director unless specifically agreed by us in writing.

Domestic Staff
Any salaried individual employed by a Director in any of the following roles: nanny, au-pair, maternity nurse, wet-nurse, housekeeper,
tutor, personal trainer, or chauffeur.

Electronic Business Equipment
Property owned by you and provided to the Insured Person to enable the Insured Person to perform their occupational tasks. These
items must be of an electronic nature and cannot be items supplied or manufactured by you.

Emergency Repatriation Expenses
Reasonable costs including the cost of medical attendants necessarily incurred in transporting the Insured Person to an appropriate
hospital or nursing home or to the Country of Permanent Residence or the Country of Secondment if recommended by Zurich Travel
Assistance in conjunction with the local attending Medical Practitioner.

Employee
Any person under a contract of service or apprenticeship with you or any person you have the right to instruct in his or her performance.

Event
A sudden, unforeseen and identifiable occurrence.

All occurrences or series of occurrences arising from or attributable to one source or original cause will be regarded as a single
occurrence where they occur within a 20 kilometre radius and within 72 consecutive hours of the one source or original cause.

Event Aggregate Limit
Our maximum liability in respect of all claims for Bodily Injury arising out of any one Event.

Excluded Territories – Kidnap
The countries or parts of countries stated in the schedule.

Gross Weekly Wage
The gross average weekly equivalent of Annual Salary.

Hemiplegia
The permanent paralysis of one lower limb and one upper limb on the same side of the body.

Hijack
The unlawful seizure or taking control of a Conveyance in which the Insured Person is travelling.

Incidental Holiday
Holiday not exceeding the duration of the business component of a Journey or 31 days, whichever is the lesser.

Independent Financial Adviser
An adviser who is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority or equivalent regulatory authority in the Insured Person’s
Country of Permanent Residence and who is not the Insured Person, the Partner of the Insured Person, a member of the immediate
family of the Insured Person or an Employee.

Insured Person
a)       Any person or category of persons as stated in the schedule

b)       except in respect of Sub-Section 9 A any nominated person in respect of whom we have agreed to pay Travel Expenses.

Journey
A business journey not exceeding 12 months in duration authorised by you and undertaken by an Insured Person and commencing
during the period of insurance.

Kidnap
The unlawful abduction and detention of an Insured Person against their will.




                                                                                                                                            65
     Kidnap Aggregate Limit
     Our maximum liability during any one period of insurance in respect of Ransom and Consultants’ Costs.

     Legal Expenses
     a)     Any reasonable fees, expenses and other disbursements necessarily incurred with our written consent by a solicitor, firm of
            solicitors or any other appropriately qualified person, firm or company appointed by you or by the Insured Person including
            costs and expenses of expert witnesses and any such fees, expenses and other disbursements incurred by us in connection with
            such claims or procedures

     b)     any costs for which an Insured Person is legally liable following an award of costs by any court or tribunal and any costs
            following an out of court settlement made in connection with any claim or legal proceedings.

     Life-Threatening Situation
     Any situation occurring outside the Insured Person’s Country of Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment where Zurich Travel
     Assistance agree that the Insured Person’s life is in danger.

     Loss of Limb
     a)     In the case of a lower limb loss by permanent physical severance at or above the ankle or permanent total loss of use of an
            entire leg or foot

     b)     in the case of an upper limb loss by permanent physical severance of the entire 4 fingers through or above the metacarpal
            phalangeal joints or permanent total loss of use of an entire arm or hand.

     Loss of Sight
     The total loss of sight which will be deemed to have occurred:

     a)     in both eyes when the condition is shown to our satisfaction to be permanent and without expectation of recovery and the
            Insured Person’s name has been added to the Register of Blind Persons on the authority of a fully qualified ophthalmic specialist

     b)     in one eye when the degree of sight remaining after correction is 3/60 or less on the Snellen Scale and we are satisfied that the
            condition is permanent and without expectation of recovery.

     Medical Expenses
     All reasonable costs necessarily incurred for medical, surgical or other diagnostic or remedial treatment given or prescribed by a qualified
     Medical Practitioner and all hospital, nursing home or ambulance charges. Dental, optical expenses and routine pregnancy expenses are
     excluded unless incurred as the result of an emergency.

     Medical Practitioner
     Any legally qualified medical practitioner other than an Insured Person, a member of the immediate family of an Insured Person or a
     non-executive director of you, a Director or Employee.

     Missed Departure
     The failure of a Conveyance in which an Insured Person is travelling to reach its destination point at the published expected time of
     arrival resulting in the Insured Person missing the first Conveyance at the beginning of a Journey which involves travel outside the Insured
     Person’s Country of Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment.

     Missed International Connection
     The failure of a Conveyance in which an Insured Person is travelling to reach its destination point outside the Insured Person’s Country of
     Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment at the published expected time of arrival resulting in the Insured Person missing an
     onward connecting Conveyance on which the Insured Person is booked to travel in the course of a Journey.

     Money
     Current coinage, current bank and currency notes, bankers drafts, bills of exchange, letters of credit, postal and money orders, postal
     stamps, signed travellers and other cheques, postal and money orders, phone cards, travel tickets, debit/credit cards, charge cards, gift
     tokens and coupons which belong to or are in the custody and control of the Insured Person on a Journey and are intended for travel,
     meals, accommodation and personal expenditure only.

     Multi-Engined Aircraft Limit
     Our maximum liability in respect of all claims for Bodily Injury arising out of any one Event involving the same multi-engined aircraft.

     Natural Catastrophe
     An Event caused by a natural phenomenon including earthquake, flood, hurricane, landslide, tornado, tsunami, volcanic eruption or
     wildfire.

     Operative Time
     The period of time and/or activities for which you or an Insured Person are covered under this policy as stated in the schedule.

66
Operative Time Definitions
24 Hours
At any time during the period of insurance.

Occupational including Commuting
During the period of insurance and whilst:
a)     in pursuit of normal occupational duties on your behalf; or

b)     travelling directly between the Insured Person’s place of employment and place of residence (permanent or temporary); or

c)     undertaking a Journey with destinations outside the Insured Person’s Country of Permanent Residence or Country of
       Secondment or within an Insured Person’s Country of Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment.

Cover under c) above shall commence from the time of leaving the place of residence or the place of employment (whichever occurs last)
and continues until arrival back at the place of residence or the place of employment (whichever occurs first).

Occupational excluding Commuting
During the period of insurance and whilst:
a)     in pursuit of normal occupational duties on your behalf; or

b)     undertaking a Journey with destinations outside the Insured Person’s Country of Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment
       or within an Insured Person’s Country of Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment.

Cover under b) above shall commence from the time of leaving the place of residence or the place of employment (whichever occurs
last) and continues until arrival back at the place of residence or the place of employment (whichever occurs first).

Away from Premises including Commuting
During the period of insurance and whilst:

a)     in pursuit of normal occupational duties on your behalf away from the usual place of employment of the Insured Person; or

b)     travelling directly between the Insured Person’s place of employment and place of residence (permanent or temporary).

Cover under a) above shall commence from the time of leaving the place of residence or the usual place of employment (whichever
occurs last) and continues until arrival back at the place of residence or the usual place of employment (whichever occurs first).

Away from Premises excluding Commuting
During the period of insurance and whilst in pursuit of normal occupational duties on your behalf away from the usual place of
employment of the Insured Person.

Cover shall commence from the time of leaving the place of residence or usual place of employment (whichever occurs last) and
continues until arrival back at the place of residence or the usual place of employment (whichever occurs first).

Assault – 24 hours
Assault at any time during the period of insurance where Bodily Injury is a direct result of an unprovoked malicious assault.

Assault – Full Occupational
Assault during the period of insurance and whilst in pursuit of normal occupational duties on behalf of the Insured where Bodily Injury is
a direct result of unprovoked malicious assault.

Assault – Money/Goods
Assault during the period of insurance and whilst in pursuit of normal occupational duties on behalf of the Insured where Bodily Injury is
a direct result of actual or attempted theft of the Insured’s money or goods.

Vehicular – 24 Hours
At any time during the period of insurance and whilst mounting into, travelling in, dismounting from, loading, unloading, (including
carrying out emergency roadside repairs and/or emergency re-fuelling), any vehicle owned by, hired by or leased to the Insured or
temporary replacement thereof.

Vehicular – Business only
During the period of insurance and whilst mounting into, travelling in, dismounting from, loading, unloading, (including carrying out
emergency roadside repairs and emergency re-fuelling), any vehicle owned by, hired by or leased to the Insured or temporary
replacement thereof in pursuit of normal occupational duties on behalf of the Insured.




                                                                                                                                             67
     External Journey
     During the period of insurance and whilst undertaking a Journey including Incidental Holidays with destinations outside the Insured
     Person’s Country of Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment.

     Cover shall commence from the time of leaving the place of residence or the place of employment (whichever occurs last) and continue
     until arrival back at the place of residence or the place of employment (whichever occurs first).

     External and internal journey
     During the period of insurance and whilst:
     a)     in pursuit of normal occupational duties on your behalf; and

     b)     undertaking a Journey with destinations outside the Insured Person’s Country of Permanent Residence or Country of
            Secondment or within an Insured Person’s Country of Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment.

     Cover under b) above shall commence from the time of leaving the place of residence or the place of employment (whichever occurs
     last) and continues until arrival back at the place of residence or the place of employment (whichever occurs first).

     External journey including holiday travel
     During the period of insurance and whilst undertaking a Journey including holidays with destinations outside the Insured Person’s
     Country of Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment.
     Cover shall commence from the time of leaving the place of residence or the place of employment (whichever occurs last) and continue
     until arrival back at the place of residence or the place of employment (whichever occurs first).

     External and internal Journeys including holidays
     During the period of insurance and whilst undertaking a Journey including holidays with destinations:
     a)     outside the Insured Person’s Country of Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment; or
     b)     within an Insured Person’s Country of Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment provided such Journey includes one or
            more aerial flights or an overnight stay.
     Cover shall commence from the time of leaving the place of residence or the place of employment (whichever occurs last) and continue
     until arrival back at the place of residence or the place of employment (whichever occurs first).

     Bespoke
     Please refer to the schedule.

     Other Forms of Aerial Transport Limit
     The maximum amount for which we can be held liable in respect of all claims for Bodily Injury arising out of any one Event involving the
     same aircraft (not being a multi-engined aircraft).

     Overseas Medical Expenses
     All reasonable costs necessarily incurred for medical, surgical or other diagnostic or remedial treatment given or prescribed by a qualified
     Medical Practitioner and all hospital, nursing home or ambulance charges outside the Insured Person’s Country of Permanent Residence
     or Country of Secondment. Dental, optical and routine pregnancy expenses are excluded unless incurred as the result of an emergency.

     Paraplegia
     The permanent and total paralysis of the two (2) lower limbs.

     Partner
     The spouse, co-habiting partner or any other person recognised as the lawful partner of an Insured Person.

     Permanent Total Disablement
     a)     In respect of an Insured Person who is an Employee and above 16 years of age and below state retirement age: disablement
            caused other than by Loss of Limb, Loss of Sight, Total Loss of Hearing or Total Loss of Speech which will in all probability totally
            prevent the Insured Person from engaging in their Usual Occupation for the remainder of their life.
     b)     In respect of an Insured Person who is either:
            i)      not an Employee
            ii)     an Employee who is below 16 years of age or above the state retirement age
            disablement caused other than by Loss of Limb, Loss of Sight, Total Loss of Hearing or Total Loss of Speech which will in all
            probability entirely prevent the Insured Person from engaging in any occupation for the remainder of their life.




68
Personal Property
Personal goods belonging to the Insured Person or for which they are responsible which are taken by them on a Journey, sent in advance
of a Journey or acquired during a Journey excluding Money and Electronic Business Equipment.

Proclaim Care
One of the providers on our behalf of catastrophic injury rehabilitation services. Please note that these services are supplied by third
parties who are contracted to us.

Quadriplegia
The permanent and total paralysis of all four (4) limbs of the body.

Ransom
Money and/or goods or services given or to be given by or on your behalf to meet a Kidnap demand.

Security Costs
Reasonable costs necessarily incurred by Zurich Travel Assistance under sub-Section 9 H.

Temporary Partial Disablement
Temporary disablement which prevents the Insured Person from engaging in more than 60% of their Usual Occupation.

Temporary Total Disablement
Temporary disablement which totally prevents the Insured Person from engaging in all elements of their Usual Occupation.

Total Loss of Hearing
Total and permanent loss of hearing.

Total Loss of Speech
Total and permanent loss of speech.

Travel Expenses
All reasonable costs necessarily incurred:

a)     for travel, sustenance and accommodation expenses of up to 2 nominated persons who on medical advice are required to travel
       to or remain with the Insured Person up to a maximum of £10,000 any one claim

b)     in transporting the Insured Person’s body or ashes and Personal Property back to their Country of Permanent Residence or
       Country of Secondment.

Triplegia
The permanent and total paralysis of three (3) limbs.

United Kingdom
England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.

Usual Occupation
The main occupation of the Insured Person for which they are suited by education, training and qualifications under a contract of
employment with you.

War
Armed conflict between nations including forces acting for any international authority whether war be declared or not, invasion, civil
war, any attempt to usurp power or any activity arising out of an attempt to participate in military force between nations.

Zurich Assistance
The coordinator on our behalf of a range of services in connection with general assistance supported by a 24 hour helpline.

Please note that these services are supplied by specialist third parties who are contracted to us and not by Zurich personnel.

Zurich Travel Assistance
The coordinator on our behalf of a range of services in connection with medical and security and other travel assistance supported by a
24 hour helpline.

Please note that these services are supplied by third parties who are contracted to us.




                                                                                                                                           69
     Sub-Section 9 A – Personal accident
     Cover
      If an Insured Person sustains Bodily Injury during the Operative Time that within 24 months solely and independently of any other cause
      results in death or disablement we will pay you the appropriate benefit stated in the schedule.
      In respect of any one Insured Person a benefit will not be payable under more than one of benefits 1, 2, 3a, 3b, 4 and 5. Any benefit
      payable under benefit 6 or benefit 7 will immediately cease should a benefit under one of benefits 1 to 5 subsequently be payable by
      us to you.
      In respect of any one Insured Person a benefit will not be payable under Sub-Section 9 A. Benefit 2. if Additional Cover 1 is claimed
      for, and vice versa.
      In respect of an Insured Person under the age of 16 the maximum compensation payable under benefit 1 will be £25,000.


     Additional Covers
     1.      Catastrophic Injury Rehabilitation
             Fund Option:
             In the event that the Insured Person or their Partner or Child sustains Catastrophic Injury during the Operative Time we will
             provide the Insured Person with access to one of our appointed rehabilitation specialists Corpore or Proclaim Care who will
             provide a range of services covering but not necessarily limited to:
             a)      reviewing any available medical notes, liaising with the Insured Person, Partner or Child’s medical consultants and
                     attending physicians

             b)      arranging a meeting with the Insured Person and their family

             c)      nominating an appropriately qualified medical professional to undertake an immediate needs assessment report

             d)      identifying the need for equipment and resources to assist and improve the Insured Person, Partner or Child’s quality
                     of life and building this into a care plan that is specific to the needs of each Insured Person, Partner or Child

             e)      identifying the cost of goods and services of the life care plan and the vendors and service providers for each of the
                     recommendations provided.

             These recommendations will consider the Insured Person, Partner or Child’s degree of residual disability, preferences and lifestyle
             needs and could include one or a number of the following services up to the maximum amount of the available fund for the
             Insured Person and a maximum of 50% of the available fund for the Partner or Child:
             Counselling, wheelchair provision, accommodation, return to work, transport, training, improved prosthetics, financial advice,
             nursing support, holidays, independent living, technology, mobility equipment, adapted computer equipment, communication
             skills, clothing, minimising medical complications, continence, sport, leisure activities and domestic help.
             Corpore or Proclaim Care will also assist in identifying what statutory provisions are available and how these can be accessed,
             assisting the Insured Person, Partner or Child in making application(s).
             Provided always that:
             i)      the services provided by Corpore or Proclaim Care and the value of the available fund will be in addition to any other
                     benefit for which the Insured Person, Partner or Child might be eligible under section 2 – Corporate Personal Accident

             ii)     there is no cash alternative to the rehabilitation services provided by this section

             iii)    any medical procedures recommended by Corpore or Proclaim Care will be limited to evidence based treatment.

             Lump Sum Option:
             In the event that the Insured Person or their Partner or Child sustains Catastrophic Injury during the Operative Time we will
             pay the Insured Person up to the sum insured stated in the schedule:
             The maximum available to the Insured Person’s Partner or Child is limited to 50% of the sum insured stated in the schedule.


     2.      Childcare costs and domestic staff expenses
             In the event of a claim being agreed by us for Temporary Total Disablement we will indemnify you on behalf of the Insured
             Person for childcare costs and domestic staff expenses up to the maximum weekly amount stated in the schedule for the
             maximum period stated in the schedule or until the date of return full time to Usual Occupation whichever is the lesser period.




70
3.   Coma benefit
     In the event of the continuous unconsciousness of the Insured Person caused solely and independently by Bodily Injury
     sustained during the Operative Time we will pay you the amount stated in the schedule per week for each full week of
     continuous unconsciousness up to a maximum period stated in the schedule.


4.   Compassionate Travel
     Where up to two relatives or friends on medical advice from a qualified medical practitioner are advised to travel to or remain
     with an Insured Person who is admitted to hospital as an in-patient as a result of Bodily Injury sustained during the Operative
     Time we will consider those relatives or friends as Insured Persons during the period of such travel or stay with the following
     benefits applying:

     a)     Loss of Limb (one or more)

     b)     Loss of Sight (one or both eyes)

     c)     Total Loss of Hearing (in both ears)

     d)     Total Loss of Speech

     e)     Permanent Total Disablement

     Up to a maximum amount stated in the schedule resulting from any one Event.

     Provided always that such relatives or friends are not included in any other category of Insured Person.


5.   Corporate events cover – employees and guests
     The Operative Time includes participation by Employees and your guests in corporate events including expensed business
     meals.

     Provided that:

     a)     the benefit will be restricted to benefits 2, 3a, 3b and 4 of the schedule; and

     b)     the amount payable will be £25,000 except where the Employee is an Insured Person when the amount payable will
            be the amount stated in the schedule or £25,000 whichever is the greater.


6.   Corporate reputation protection
     If an Insured Person sustains Bodily Injury during the Operative Time that within 3 months solely and independently of any other
     cause results in death, Total Loss of Hearing, Loss of Limb, Loss of Sight or Total Loss of Speech we will pay up to the
     maximum amount stated in the schedule for:

     a)     the engagement of image and public relations consultants

     b)     the release of information through the media

     directly in connection with and within 15 days of such Bodily Injury in order to protect and positively promote your image.

     Provided that you must contact Zurich Assistance as soon as possible where it is your intention to use the assistance services
     provided under this clause.

     Assistance:
     Corporate Reputation Protection
     We will provide via Zurich Assistance internal and external stakeholder communications support, brand rehabilitation and recovery
     services or any other appropriate public relations support to help you to manage a public relations crisis which has resulted
     from the death, Total Loss of Hearing, Loss of Limb, Loss of Sight or Total Loss of Speech of one or more Insured Persons as
     provided for under additional cover 5 of this policy.

     This support is provided by contacting Zurich Assistance on +44 (0)1489 868 988

     The maximum amount we will pay in respect of any one incident is as per the amount stated in the schedule.


7.   Damage to personal property following assault
     If an Insured Person sustains loss of or damage to their Personal Property as a result of unprovoked assault during the
     Operative Time we will pay you the amount of such loss or damage up to the maximum amount stated in the schedule.


8.   Dental injury expenses
     If an Insured Person sustains loss of or damage to teeth or fixed dentures during the Operative Time we will pay you for the cost
     of necessary dental treatment required within 12 months of the Event giving rise to the loss or damage up to a maximum
     amount stated in the schedule.


                                                                                                                                         71
     9.    Dependants’ benefit
           If a payment is made under benefit 1 we will pay you an amount per Child of the percentage stated in the schedule of the
           amount stated under benefit 1 subject to a maximum stated in the schedule per Child and up to a total of the percentage
           stated in the schedule of the amount stated under benefit 1 or the amount stated in the schedule whichever is the lesser.


     10.   Directors Family Personal Accident
           At any time during the policy period we will provide cover to the Partner, Child(ren), Domestic Staff of Directors or business
           partners for the following benefits:

           a)     Loss of Limb (one or more)

           b)     Loss of Sight (one or both eyes)

           c)     Total Loss of Hearing (in both ears)

           d)     Total Loss of Speech

           e)     Permanent Total Disablement.

           Cover is provided up to the amount stated in the schedule.


     11.   Disability assistance
           If an Insured Person sustains Bodily Injury during the Operative Time that within 24 months solely and independently of any
           other cause results in either Hemiplegia, Paraplegia, Quadriplegia or Triplegia we will pay you up to the amount stated in the
           schedule for expenses incurred with our prior written consent for alterations that are required to the Insured Person's home
           or car.
           Provided that expenses must have been incurred within 12 months of you receiving a benefit payment for either Hemiplegia,
           Paraplegia, Quadriplegia or Triplegia from us.


     12.   Disappearance
           If an Insured Person disappears and after a suitable period of time as judged by the appropriate legal authority it is reasonable
           to believe that the Insured Person’s death resulted from Bodily Injury during the Operative Time we will pay you the amount
           stated under benefit 1. If it later transpires that the Insured Person has not died any amount paid will be refunded by you to us.


     13.   Domestic travel expenses
           If an Insured Person sustains Bodily Injury while on a Journey during the Operative Time and requires an in-patient hospital
           admission within the Insured Person’s Country of Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment we will pay you up to the
           maximum amount stated in the schedule for all reasonable costs necessarily incurred for:

           a)     travel, sustenance and accommodation expenses for up to 2 nominated persons who on medical advice are required
                  to travel to or remain with the Insured Person until the Insured Person’s return to the place where the Insured Person
                  permanently resides within the country where they are an in-patient

           b)     the return transportation of the Insured Person to the place where the Insured Person permanently resides within the
                  country where they are an in-patient

           c)     the transportation of the Insured Person to their final resting place within their Country of Permanent Residence or
                  Country of Secondment in the event of the death of the Insured Person as a result of such Bodily Injury.


     14.   Employees Family Travel Personal Accident
           We will consider as Insured Persons the Partners or Children of Employees accompanying, travelling independently to join, or
           returning from being with such Employees that are on a Journey or an Incidental Holiday with the following benefits applying:

           a)     Loss of Limb (one or more)

           b)     Loss of Sight (one or both eyes)

           c)     Total Loss of Hearing (in both ears)

           d)     Total Loss of Speech

           e)     Permanent Total Disablement

           up to a maximum stated in the schedule resulting from any one Event.

           Provided always that such Partner or Children are not included in any other category of Insured Person.




72
15.   Executor Expenses
      In the event that an Insured Person sustains Bodily Injury during the Operative Time that results in death we will on the
      production of an interim death certificate indemnify you up to the sum insured in the schedule for any reasonable expenses
      necessarily incurred as a direct consequence of the death of the Insured Person which require immediate payment by the
      executor to the estate of the Insured Person whilst the administration of the estate is being arranged.


16.   Exposure
      If an Insured Person suffers unavoidable exposure to the elements during the Operative Time that within 24 months solely and
      independently of any other cause results in death or disablement we will pay you in accordance with the benefits stated in
      the schedule.


17.   Family Counselling Benefit Following Accidental Death
      If during the Operative Time the Insured Person suffers death as the result of Bodily Injury, we will pay up to the sum insured
      in the schedule for the cost of professional psychological counselling treatment for their Partner and/or Child(ren) provided
      that we are made aware of the treatment in writing.


18.   Facial scarring
      If an Insured Person sustains Bodily Injury during the Operative Time which results in permanent scarring to no less than the
      percentage stated in the schedule of the facial area we will pay you the amount stated in the schedule and this benefit will be
      increased proportionally to the maximum amount stated in the schedule on the basis of actual scarring of the facial area up to
      the percentage stated in the schedule.


19.   Funeral expenses
      If a payment is made under benefit 1 we will pay you up to the maximum amount stated in the schedule for reasonable funeral
      expenses. We will not be liable for more than the Event Aggregate Limit stated in the schedule.


20.   Hijack or kidnap
      If an Insured Person is the victim of Hijack or Kidnap during the Operative Time the cover provided under this section will
      remain in force until the Insured Person has returned to their Country of Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment or
      until a period of 12 months from the date of the Hijack or Kidnap has expired whichever will occur first.


21.   Hospitalisation benefit
      If an Insured Person is admitted to hospital as an in-patient as a result of Bodily Injury sustained during the Operative Time we
      will pay you the amount stated in the schedule for each full week of hospitalisation up to a maximum number of weeks
      stated in the schedule.


22.   Independent Financial and Tax Advice
      If an Insured Person sustains a Bodily Injury which results in a claim for the benefits listed below, we will pay the Insured
      Person or their estate upon their request up to the amount stated in the schedule to cover the fees charged by an
      Independent Financial Adviser who is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, to provide the Insured
      Person or their estate with professional financial and tax advice.

      a)     Accidental Death

      b)     Loss of Limb (one or more)

      c)     Loss of Sight (one or both eyes)

      d)     Total Loss of Hearing (in both ears)

      e)     Total Loss of Speech

      f)     Permanent Total Disablement.


23.   Medical Certificate Expenses
      In the event that an Insured Person sustains Bodily Injury that results in them having to obtain a Medical Certificate, we will pay
      you for the cost of obtaining the certificate up to a maximum of the sum insured in the schedule.


24.   Medical expenses
      If an Insured Person incurs Medical Expenses as a result of Bodily Injury sustained during the Operative Time we will pay you
      up to the percentage stated in the schedule of the amounts paid under benefits 1 to 7 inclusive or the percentage stated in
      the schedule of the amounts paid under either benefit 8 or benefit 9 whichever is the greater but not exceeding the amount
      stated in the schedule.
                                                                                                                                            73
     25.   Moving costs
           Where an Insured Person sustains Bodily Injury resulting in Permanent Total Disablement and we agree to a claim for such
           disablement we will pay you on behalf of the Insured Person up to the maximum stated in the schedule for estate agent’s
           fees, stamp duty and removal costs incurred by the Insured Person within 24 months of the Event giving rise to the
           disablement as a result of which it becomes necessary to move the Insured Person’s permanent residence to an alternative
           permanent residence.


     26.   Out-patient expenses
           If an Insured Person is required to travel to hospital as an out-patient as a result of Bodily Injury sustained during the Operative
           Time we will pay you up to the amount stated in the schedule per week for reasonable travel costs necessarily incurred by the
           Insured Person up to the maximum amount stated in the schedule.


     27.   Partner Disability Benefit
           In the event that the Partner of an Insured Person sustains Bodily Injury and where this results in Hemiplegia, Paraplegia,
           Quadriplegia or Triplegia we will pay you up to the amount stated in the schedule.


     28.   Permanent partial disablement
           If an Insured Person sustains permanent partial disablement during the Operative Time we will pay you the percentages stated
           in the schedule of the amount payable under benefit 5 for permanent severance or permanent total loss of use of:
           a)     one thumb
           b)     forefinger
           c)     any finger other than forefinger
           d)     big toe
           e)     any toe other than big toe
           f)     shoulder or elbow
           g)     wrist, hip knee or ankle
           h)     lower jaw by surgical operation.
           Provided that:

           i)     when an Insured Person suffers more than one form of permanent partial disablement as a result of an Event the
                  percentages from each will be added together but we will not pay more than 100% of benefit 5

           ii)    any permanent partial disablement not more specifically defined above will be calculated by assessing the disablement
                  relative to the types of disablement mentioned above without reference to the Insured Person’s occupation

           iii)   if a claim is payable for loss of or loss of use of a whole part of the body a claim for any component part of that part
                  cannot also be made.


     29.   Personnel replacement expenses
           If an Insured Person sustains Bodily Injury resulting within 24 months solely and independently of any other cause in death or
           Permanent Total Disablement during the Operative Time we will pay you up to the maximum amount stated in the schedule
           for reasonable costs necessarily incurred in employing a temporary Employee recruited through a registered recruitment
           company in order to directly replace the Insured Person up to the maximum period stated in the schedule.


     30.   Physiotherapy
           In the event of a claim being agreed by us for Temporary Total Disablement we will pay you on behalf of the Insured Person
           for the cost of physiotherapy up to the maximum amount stated in the schedule.


     31.   Post traumatic stress disorder – terrorism
           If an Insured Person directly witnesses an Event amounting to an act of terrorism on a Conveyance other than an aircraft or
           ship during the Operative Time and without sustaining Bodily Injury suffers post traumatic stress disorder resulting within
           6 months of the Event in Temporary Total Disablement we will pay you the percentage stated in the schedule of the amount
           payable under benefit 8 but not exceeding the amount stated in the schedule per week for the Benefit Period stated in
           the schedule.
           Provided that this clause will apply only where cover in respect of Temporary Total Disablement is stated in the schedule
           as operative.



74
32.   Professional Counselling Benefit
      If during the Operative Time the Insured Person sustains Bodily Injury, we will pay the Insured Person up to the sum insured in
      the schedule for the reasonable expenses necessarily incurred for professional psychological counselling treatment provided
      that we are made aware of the treatment in writing.


33.   Prosthetic Limbs
      If we make a payment for Loss of Limb(s) (one or more) and/or Loss of Sight (in one or both eyes) we will also pay you up to a
      maximum amount stated in the schedule to acquire and have fitted a prosthetic limb, or to replace an existing prosthetic limb,
      provided it is deemed medically necessary for them to do so.
      Where a claim results in more than one prosthetic limb being required an aggregate limit of the amount stated in the schedule
      multiplied by two (2) will apply.


34.   Recruitment Expenses
      In the event that an Insured Person sustains Bodily Injury that results in death or Permanent Total Disablement during the
      Operative Time we will pay you up to the sum insured stated in the schedule for reasonable expenses necessarily incurred in
      employing a registered recruitment company to recruit a permanent Employee as a direct replacement for the Insured Person.


35.   Rehabilitation support
      Where an Insured Person suffers Bodily Injury resulting in disablement for which we agree to pay a benefit under this section we
      will at our discretion for a maximum period of 12 months from the date of such disablement enlist the services of Zurich Medical
      Management to:
      a)     carry out by telephone an initial medical assessment of the Insured Person in conjunction with the Insured Person’s
             medical advisors and discuss options for beneficial medical, prosthetic and counselling services
      b)     provide support to the Insured Person during the recovery period to minimise the effects of their Bodily Injury and to
             follow the agreed rehabilitation plan and to advise on and coordinate a return to work plan.
      Provided that you or the Insured Person will bear the cost of any treatment or other services taken up as a result of such
      support or arrangements offered or made by Zurich Medical Management other than that cost allowed for under clause 21.


36.   Retraining expenses – insured person or partner
      If we make a payment for Permanent Total Disablement we will also pay you up to the maximum amount stated in the
      schedule for reasonable expenses necessarily incurred in retraining the Insured Person for an alternative occupation and in the
      event of the Insured Person being unable to undertake retraining for any alternative occupation we will pay you up to the
      maximum amount stated in the schedule for reasonable expenses incurred in retraining the Insured Person’s Partner for an
      new or alternative occupation.


37.   Simultaneous death of insured person and partner
      Where Bodily Injury results in the death of an Insured Person and their Partner in a single Event and there is a Child we will
      pay you the number stated in the schedule times the amount stated under benefit 1 but not more than the amount stated in
      the schedule.


38.   Suicide – recruitment costs
      In the event of the death of a Director or Employee as a result of their suicide or the Permanent Total Disablement of a
      Director or Employee as a result of their attempted suicide we will pay you up to the maximum amount stated in the schedule
      for authorised and documented costs incurred in engaging a replacement Director or Employee.


39.   Travel to Hospital Expenses
      In the event that an Insured Person sustains Bodily Injury that results in Loss of Limb (one or more) or Loss of Sight in both eyes
      or Loss of Hearing or Loss of Speech or Permanent Total Disablement or permanent partial disablement as insured under
      additional cover 28 Permanent partial disablement or Temporary Total Disablement or Temporary Partial Disablement we will
      pay you up to the sum insured in the schedule for reasonable expenses necessarily incurred for taxi, the services of a
      chauffeur or other additional travel costs to convey a Partner, Child or parent of the Insured Person from the home of the
      Insured Person to a hospital where the Insured Person is an in-patient up to a maximum period of 52 weeks.


40.   Travel to Work Expenses
      In the event that an Insured Person sustains Bodily Injury that results in Loss of Limb(s) (one or more) or Loss of Sight in both
      eyes or Permanent Total Disablement or Temporary Total Disablement or Temporary Partial Disablement, we will pay you up
      to the sum insured in the Personal Accident Schedule for reasonable expenses necessarily incurred for the services of a
      chauffeur or taxi to convey the Insured Person between their usual place of employment and their home, up to a maximum
      period of 52 weeks.
                                                                                                                                            75
     41.     Visitors Personal Accident
             If a lawful visitor suffers Bodily Injury while on any premises or at any site of yours that results within 3 months solely and
             independently of any other cause in their death we will pay you the amount stated in the schedule.


     Special exclusions
     This section does not cover:

     1.      Excluded causes
             any sickness or disease, any naturally occurring or degenerative condition, any gradually operating cause or post traumatic
             stress disorder other than as a direct result of Bodily Injury or as provided for under additional cover 31 Post-Traumatic Stress
             Disorder – Terrorism

     2.      Non-passenger air travel
             any loss or expenses arising from an Insured Person engaging in aviation as a pilot of a fixed wing or rotary propelled aircraft

     3.      Suicide or self-injury
             any loss or expenses arising from an Insured Person committing or attempting to commit suicide or intentionally inflicting
             self-injury other than as provided under additional cover 38 Suicide – recruitment costs.




76
Sub-Section 9 B – Business travel: overseas medical
expenses
Cover
 We will pay you or the Insured Person for Overseas Medical Expenses and Travel Expenses and Emergency Repatriation Expenses
 incurred as a direct result of an Insured Person becoming ill or sustaining Bodily Injury while on a Journey during the Operative Time for
 a period not exceeding 2 years from the date of the Bodily Injury or first diagnosis of the illness up to the sum insured in the schedule.

 Provided that you or an Insured Person must contact Zurich Travel Assistance as soon as reasonable if illness or Bodily Injury results in
 the need for in-patient hospital treatment.


Additional Covers
1.       Premature childbirth
         In the event of the premature birth of a Child to an Insured Person while on a Journey outside of the Insured Person’s Country
         of Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment during the Operative Time we will pay you up to the sum insured in the
         schedule for the Overseas Medical Expenses and repatriation expenses actually incurred in respect of the prematurely born Child.


2.       Foreign coma benefit
         In the event of an Insured Person while on a Journey becoming ill or sustaining Bodily Injury resulting in a state of continuous
         unconsciousness outside their Country of Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment we will pay you the amount stated
         in the schedule for each day of continuous unconsciousness up to the maximum period stated in the schedule.


3.       Foreign hospital confinement benefit
         In the event of an Insured Person becoming ill or sustaining Bodily Injury while on a Journey outside their Country of
         Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment resulting in their admission to hospital as an in-patient on the advice of a
         Medical Practitioner we will pay you the amount stated in the schedule for each day of confinement to hospital for the
         maximum period stated in the schedule.


 4.      Foreign funeral expenses
         In the event of the death of an Insured Person while on a Journey we will pay up to the maximum amount stated in the
         schedule for the reasonable cost of funeral expenses necessarily incurred outside the Insured Person’s Country of Permanent
         Residence or Country of Secondment.


 5.      Search and rescue expenses
         Where an Insured Person is reported missing to the appropriate authorities during a Journey we will pay you on behalf of the
         Insured Person for costs incurred by recognised rescue authorities in searching for and rescuing the Insured Person up to the
         maximum amount stated in the schedule per Insured Person provided that we will not pay more than the amount stated in
         the schedule irrespective of the number of Insured Persons involved in one Event.


 6.      Supplementary hospital expenses
         In the event of a valid claim under this section we will pay the reasonable costs of hospital in-patient medical charges
         necessarily incurred within the 3 months immediately following the date of return to the Insured Person’s Country of Permanent
         Residence or Country of Secondment up to the maximum stated in the schedule.


7.       United Kingdom repatriation expenses
         In the event of an Insured Person becoming ill or sustaining Bodily Injury while on a Journey within the United Kingdom or the
         Insured Person’s Country of Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment and as a direct result requiring hospital treatment
         as an in-patient we will pay you for the reasonable costs necessarily incurred of transporting the Insured Person and
         accompanying medical staff by private ambulance or air ambulance to a hospital local to the Insured Person’s home address
         up to the maximum amount stated in the schedule.




                                                                                                                                              77
     Special exclusions
     This section does not cover:

     1.      Non-passenger air travel
             any expense arising from an Insured Person engaging in aviation as a pilot of a fixed wing or rotary propelled aircraft

     2.      Other insurances
             any expense which has been recovered from:

             a)      any other insurance policy in your name or the Insured Person’s name

             b)      any national insurance programme which is applicable to the Insured Person

     3.      Suicide or self-injury
             any expense arising from an Insured Person committing or attempting to commit suicide or intentionally inflicting self-injury
             except the reasonable costs necessarily incurred in transporting the Insured Person’s body or ashes back to their Country of
             Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment

     4.      Travelling against medical advice
             any expense incurred if an Insured Person is travelling or intending to travel against the advice of a Medical Practitioner

     5.      Travelling for medical treatment or advice
             any expense incurred if an Insured Person is travelling or intending to travel for the purpose of obtaining medical treatment or
             medical advice

     6.      Unapproved emergency repatriation expenses
             any Emergency Repatriation Expenses incurred without the prior consent of Zurich Travel Assistance

     7.      Unapproved hospital treatment
             any hospital treatment provided on an in-patient basis where the Insured Person has not made all reasonable attempts to
             obtain the prior consent of Zurich Travel Assistance or obtained the consent of Zurich Travel Assistance at the first opportunity
             after such treatment.




78
Sub-Section 9 C – Business travel: personal property
Cover
 We will pay you or the Insured Person up to the sum insured in the schedule in the event of loss of or damage to Personal Property on
 a Journey during the Operative Time subject to a single article limit for each lost or damaged article of £5,000.


Additional Covers
1.      Delayed personal property
        We will pay you or the Insured Person up to the maximum amount stated in the schedule for any reasonable expenses
        necessarily incurred in purchasing essential replacement items if while on a Journey during the Operative Time an Insured
        Person’s Personal Property is temporarily lost for more than the number of consecutive hours stated in the schedule during the
        outward or onward trip of the Journey. Any payment we make will be deducted from the total amount payable under this
        section if the Personal Property is permanently lost.


2.      Loss of keys
        We will pay you or the Insured Person for the replacement of the lock mechanisms up to the maximum amount stated in the
        schedule if the keys to the external doors, safes or alarms of the Insured Person’s normal place of residence are lost, damaged
        or stolen while on a Journey during the Operative Time.


3.      Loss of Vehicle Key
        We will pay you or the Insured Person for the replacement of a key to the Insured Person’s vehicle up to £500 if the key is
        lost, damaged or stolen while on a Journey during the Operative Time.


4.      Passport or visa loss during a journey
        We will pay you or the Insured Person up to the maximum amount stated in the schedule for reasonable additional travel and
        accommodation expenses necessarily incurred including any charges levied by the issuing office for a replacement passport or
        visa if an Insured Person loses or damages their passport while on a Journey during the Operative Time.


5.      Pre-journey loss of passport or visa
        We will pay you or the Insured Person up to the maximum amount stated in the schedule for reasonable additional travel and
        accommodation expenses necessarily incurred including any charges levied by the issuing office for a replacement passport or
        visa if the Insured Person’s passport or visa is stolen within the 7 day period immediately prior to the planned commencement
        of a Journey.

        Provided that the Insured Person reports the theft of the passport or visa to the Police or other appropriate authorities and
        obtains a written loss report from them.


6.      Single Article Benefit Extension Option
        We will pay for loss of a single article above £5,000, provided that you or the Insured Person bears the first 25% of the
        proportion of single article above £5,000.

        This extension is not available to Insured Persons in their Country of Secondment.

Special exclusions
This section does not cover:

1.      Changes in environment, moth or vermin, mechanical or electrical failure and process risks
        loss or damage due to moth, vermin, wear and tear, atmospheric or climatic conditions or gradual deterioration, mechanical or
        electrical failure or any process of cleaning, restoring, repairing or alteration

2.      Confiscation or detention
        loss due to confiscation or detention by customs or any other competent authority

3.      Excluded property
        loss of or damage to vehicles, their accessories, spare parts or trailers




                                                                                                                                          79
     4.       Loss from unattended vehicles
              loss of Personal Property from any unattended vehicle unless the Personal Property was out of sight in a glove box or luggage
              compartment and the vehicle was locked when unattended.


     Special provision
     1.       New for Old
              Where we agree to replace Personal Property that is lost or beyond repair we will pay on the basis of a new item that is
              substantially the same as the item lost or beyond repair and we will not deduct an amount for wear and tear.


     Assistance services
     We will also provide assistance in replacing lost or stolen tickets, passport or other travel documents and assistance in locating lost or
     delayed luggage.




80
Sub-Section 9 D – Business travel: money
Cover
 We will pay you or the Insured Person up to the sum insured in the schedule in the event of loss of or damage to Money or financial
 loss suffered as the result of the fraudulent use of credit, debit or charge cards on a Journey during the Operative Time. In respect of
 Money cover is extended to 120 hours immediately preceding the commencement of a Journey and for 120 hours immediately
 following its completion.

Conditions Applicable to Extension
1.     Locked Storage
       Money applicable under this extension must be stored in hotel safes when not required.

2.     Whilst in Transit
       The Money must be stored in the Insured Persons carry-on baggage whilst in transit.


Exclusion Applicable to Extension
This extension does not cover:

1.     Secondees
       Insured Persons in their Country of Secondment.


Special exclusions
This section does not cover:

1.     Cash limitation
       more than the amount stated in the schedule per Insured Person in respect of loss of cash

2.     Confiscation or detention
       loss due to confiscation or detention by customs or any other authority

3.     Failure to comply with credit, debit or charge card terms and conditions
       loss arising from fraudulent use of a credit, debit or charge cards unless the Insured Person has complied where it was reasonably
       possible with all the terms and conditions under which the card was issued

4.     Loss from unattended vehicles
       loss of Money from any unattended vehicle unless the Money was out of sight in a glove box or luggage compartment and the
       vehicle was locked when unattended

5.     Money shortages and depreciation
       devaluation of currency or shortages due to errors or omissions during monetary transactions.


Assistance services
We will also provide assistance in replacing cash lost or stolen during a Journey.
Provided that:
a)     the value of any cash advanced will not exceed £3,000 and will be deducted from any subsequent claim under this section

b)     where the value of the cash advanced exceeds the amount of any subsequent claim under this section you will reimburse us
       the difference between the value of the cash advance and the amount of such claim

c)     where no claim is made the value of the cash advanced will be reimbursed in full by you to us upon completion of the Journey.




                                                                                                                                            81
     Sub-Section 9 E – Business travel: electronic business
     equipment
     Cover
     We will pay you up to the sum insured in the schedule in the event of loss of or damage to Electronic Business Equipment on a Journey
     during the Operative Time.


     Special exclusions
     This section does not cover:

     1.     Changes in environment, moth or vermin, mechanical or electrical failure and process risks
            loss or damage due to moth, vermin, wear and tear, atmospheric or climatic conditions or gradual deterioration, mechanical or
            electrical failure or any process of cleaning, restoring, repairing or alteration

     2.     Confiscation or detention
            loss due to confiscation or detention by customs or any other authority

     3.     Excess
            the first £100 of any loss or damage occurring to Electronic Business Equipment

     4.     Loss from unattended vehicles
            loss of Electronic Business Equipment from any unattended vehicle unless the Electronic Business Equipment was out of sight in a
            glove box or luggage compartment and the vehicle was locked when unattended

     5.     Other insurances
            loss of or damage to Electronic Business Equipment which is insured under any other insurance policy.




82
Sub-Section 9 F – Business travel: cancellation,
curtailment, rearrangement and replacement expenses
Cover
If during the Operative Time or between the confirmed booking of the Journey and the Operative Time any part of the pre-booked travel
arrangements for a Journey are cancelled, curtailed or rearranged as a direct result of any cause outside the control of you or the
Insured Person we will pay you or the Insured Person up to the sum insured in the schedule and subject to the Cancellation or
Curtailment Limit for:

a)     deposits, advance payments and other charges which have not been and will not be used but which become forfeit or payable
       under contract or cannot be recovered elsewhere; and

b)     reasonable additional travel and accommodation expenses necessarily incurred; and

c)     the reasonable costs of an Insured Person to returning to attend the funeral of a close relative or business associate in their
       Country of Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment; and

d)     an Employee to return to their Country of Secondment after having had to leave their Country of Secondment due to a medical
       emergency or the death of a family member in another country.


Additional Covers
1.      Missed international connection and missed departure
        We will pay you or the Insured Person up to the sum insured in the schedule for the reasonable additional costs of travel,
        accommodation and subsistence necessarily incurred less any amount recoverable elsewhere if an Insured Person suffers a
        Missed International Connection or Missed Departure during the Operative Time.

        Provided that in respect of Missed International Connection or Missed Departure:

        a)      an Insured Person must obtain written confirmation from the relevant travel provider detailing the actual time of
                arrival of the conveyance at its destination and written confirmation from the connecting operator that the
                connection has been missed as a result of the late arrival of the Conveyance

        b)      an Insured Person must accept an alternative equivalent means of travel if this is offered by the travel provider within
                the period of delay.


2.      Promotional vouchers and awards
        We will pay you or the Insured Person up to the sum insured in the schedule and subject to the Cancellation or Curtailment
        Limit in respect of a Journey funded wholly or partially by promotional vouchers or awards which have been redeemed and
        which are non-refundable if during the Operative Time any part of the pre-booked travel arrangements for such Journey are
        cancelled, curtailed or rearranged as a direct result of any cause outside the control of you or the Insured Person.


3.      Replacement expenses
        We will pay you or the Insured Person up to the sum insured in the schedule for reasonable expenses limited to the cost of an
        air flight and other essential expenses necessarily incurred in sending a substitute person to complete the original Insured
        Person’s Journey if during the Operative Time any part of the pre-booked travel arrangements for a Journey are cancelled,
        curtailed or rearranged as a direct result of any cause outside the control of you or the Insured Person.


4.      Travel delay
        If the departure of a Conveyance on which an Insured Person is booked to travel in order to get to their planned destination at
        the commencement, onward connection or completion of a Journey is delayed due to strike, industrial action, adverse
        weather conditions or mechanical breakdown we will pay the Insured Person the amount stated in the schedule per hour in
        excess of the first number of hours shown in the schedule delay up to the maximum amount stated in the schedule.


5.      Travel delay caused by natural catastrophe
        If the departure of a Conveyance on which an Insured Person is booked to travel on in order to get to their planned
        destination at the commencement, onward connection or completion of a Journey is delayed due to a Natural Catastrophe
        we will pay the Insured Person the amount stated in the schedule in excess of the first 4 hours delay.




                                                                                                                                           83
     Special exclusions
     This section does not cover:

     1.      Cancellation before policy inception
             any loss arising from cancellation of pre-booked travel arrangements for a Journey where the cause of the cancellation occurs
             prior to the period of insurance

     2.      Cancellation or curtailment of an event held by you
             any loss arising from the cancellation or curtailment of an event held by you or a subsidiary or parent company of you

     3.      Default of transport or accommodation provider or agent
             any expense arising from the default of any provider or their agent of transport or accommodation or any agent acting for you
             or the Insured Person

     4.      Disinclination to travel
             any expense incurred solely as a result of disinclination to travel or to continue the Journey

     5.      Failure to check-in
             the failure of the Insured Person to check in for any Journey according to the itinerary supplied unless due to fortuitous
             circumstances beyond the control of the Insured Person

     6.      Financial circumstances
             any expense incurred due to your or the Insured Person’s financial circumstances

     7.      Non-passenger air travel
             any loss or expenses arising from an Insured Person engaging in aviation as a pilot of a fixed wing or rotary propelled aircraft

     8.      Other insurances
             any loss which is insured under any other insurance policy

     9.      Pre-existing circumstances
             any expense due to:

             a)      failure of the means of transport other than disruption of road or rail services by avalanche, landslide, snow or flood

             b)      Natural Catastrophe, strike, labour dispute or mechanical breakdown

             which existed or for which advanced warning had been given prior to the date on which the Journey was booked

     10.     Prior redundancy or termination of employment
             any expense incurred as a result of the Insured Person’s redundancy or the termination of their employment more than 31 days
             prior to a Journey taking place

     11.     Public authority or government regulations
             any expense incurred as a result of regulations made by any public authority or government

     12.     Suicide or self-injury
             any loss or expense arising from an Insured Person committing or attempting to commit suicide or intentionally inflicting self-injury

     13.     Travelling against medical advice or for medical treatment or advice
             any expense incurred if an Insured Person is travelling or intending to travel against the advice of a Medical Practitioner or for
             the purpose of obtaining medical treatment or medical advice

     14.     Withdrawal from service of aircraft or ship
             any claim for cancellation following delay to an aircraft or ship if the delay is due to withdrawal from service temporarily or
             permanently on the orders of any port authority or the Civil Aviation Authority or any similar body in any country.




84
Special provision
1.    Event Limit
      The total amount payable under this section in respect of any one Insured Person arising from any one Event will not exceed the
      sum insured stated in the schedule.

      If the total amount of all claims under this section for loss and expense arising out of any one Event exceeds the Cancellation or
      Curtailment Limit each individual claim will be proportionately reduced until the total value of all claims does not exceed the
      Cancellation or Curtailment Limit.




                                                                                                                                           85
     Sub-Section 9 G – Business travel: kidnap, Hijack
     and Ransom
     Cover
     We will pay you up to the sum insured in the schedule for Ransom and Consultants’ Costs incurred solely and independently as a result
     of Kidnap occurring on a Journey during the Operative Time and while outside the Insured Person’s Country of Permanent Residence or
     Country of Secondment. Any incident that could give rise to a claim under this section must be notified immediately to Zurich Travel
     Assistance. Their contact number is +44 (0)1489 868 888.

     Provided that:

     a)     we will not pay for more than the Kidnap Aggregate Limit

     b)     in the event of any circumstances that could give rise to a claim under this section you will give notice to Zurich Travel Assistance
            by the most expeditious means and provide Zurich Travel Assistance with all assistance and information in a timely manner.


     Additional Cover
     1.      Hijack
             We will pay the you up to the amount stated in the schedule for each day that an Insured Person is unjustly, forcibly or
             unlawfully held captive.


     Special exclusions
     This section does not cover:

     1.     Claims by parent or guardian
            any claim for a Child by its parent or guardian

     2.     Damages and legal costs
            any sums you become legally liable to pay as the result of any legal action for damages including legal costs incurred by you in
            defence of such action as the result of:

            a)        alleged negligence or incompetence in hostage retrieval operations or negotiations following Kidnap

            b)        alleged negligence in not preventing Kidnap

     3.     Excluded territories
            any Kidnap which occurs in the Excluded Territories – Kidnap

     4.     Fraudulent, dishonest or criminal acts
            loss due to any fraudulent, dishonest or criminal act committed or attempted by you or any Director, Employee or authorised
            representative of you including any person who has custody of any ransom monies

     5.     Prior cancellation or declinature of kidnap insurance
            any claim if you or the Insured Person have had kidnap insurance declined or cancelled.




86
Sub-Section 9 H – Business travel: personal security
assistance
Cover
In the event of an Insured Person becoming involved in a Life-Threatening Situation while on a Journey during the Operative Time we
will pay you up to a maximum amount of £10,000 for Security Costs in extracting the Insured Person from such a situation. Any incident
that could give rise to a claim under this section must be notified immediately to Zurich Travel Assistance. Their contact number is
+44 (0)1489 868 888.


Special exclusions
This section does not cover:

1.     Dangerous areas
       any costs incurred in a country or part of a country where:
       a)     prior to the commencement of the Journey the Foreign and Commonwealth Office or Zurich Travel Assistance issued
              warnings against all travel to such country or part
       b)     after commencement of a Journey warnings to leave or evacuate had been given by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office
              or Zurich Travel Assistance but such warnings had not been heeded by the Insured Person in a reasonably timely manner

2.     Debt or fraud
       any costs incurred where the Life-Threatening Situation was due to the Insured Person’s unpaid debt, or to a fraudulent,
       dishonest or criminal act committed by you or the Insured Person

3.     Hijack or kidnap
       any claim associated with Hijack or Kidnap

4.     Journey in excess of 30 days
       any claim for an Insured Person while on a Journey in excess of 30 days

5.     Legal liability
       any sums which you become legally liable to pay as a result of any legal action for damages including legal costs incurred by you in
       defence of such action arising out of alleged negligence or incompetence in extracting an Insured Person from a Life-Threatening
       Situation or in not preventing the involvement of an Insured Person in such a situation

6.     Unnecessary exposure to danger
       deliberate exposure of an Insured Person to danger.

Special provisions
1.     Compulsory use of Zurich Travel Assistance
       Any extraction must be organised by Zurich Travel Assistance who will use the most suitable method including if necessary the
       attendance of a security specialist to accompany the Insured Person.

2.     Immediate contact
       You or an Insured Person must contact Zurich Travel Assistance as soon as possible if a Life-Threatening Situation arises.

3.     Information provision
       You and the Insured Person must provide Zurich Travel Assistance with all information in a timely manner and must not make or
       attempt to make arrangements without the reasonable agreement of Zurich Travel Assistance.

4.     Reimbursement of costs
       You will reimburse us for all costs incurred in the event of security services being provided by Zurich Travel Assistance in good
       faith to a person that is not an Insured Person.




                                                                                                                                              87
     Sub-Section 9 I – Business travel: political and natural
     disaster evacuation
     Cover
     We will pay you up to the sum insured in the schedule for the reasonable costs necessarily incurred while an Insured Person is travelling
     on a Journey during the Operative Time outside their Country of Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment to evacuate the
     Insured Person to their Country of Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment or the nearest place of safety when:

     a)     officials of the country to or in which the Insured Person is travelling on a Journey recommend that certain categories of person
            including the Insured Person should leave that country for safety reasons

     b)     the British Government through its Foreign and Commonwealth Office issues a travel advice for a particular country or region in
            which the Insured Person is travelling on a Journey recommending that certain categories of person including the Insured Person
            should leave that country or region

     c)     the Insured Person is expelled or declared persona non grata in the country where the Insured Person is travelling on a Journey

     d)     the Insured Person’s property is seized, confiscated or expropriated during a Journey

     e)     a state of emergency has been declared in the country where the Insured Person is travelling on a Journey necessitating
            immediate evacuation.

     Provided that you or an Insured Person must contact Zurich Travel Assistance as soon as possible if evacuation becomes necessary.


     Additional Cover
     1.       Accommodation expenses
              In the event that the Insured Person is unable to return to their Country of Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment
              we will pay you for reasonable accommodation costs necessarily incurred up to the maximum as stated in the schedule per
              day for the total of the number of days stated in the schedule.

              Provided that:

              a)     where the Insured Person holds a valid return ticket to their Country of Permanent Residence or Country of
                     Secondment or to another place of safety we will only indemnify you or the Insured Person for any additional costs
                     necessarily incurred to evacuate the Insured Person

              b)     where the Insured Person is entitled to a refund on an unused ticket we will be entitled to deduct the value of the
                     unused portion from the indemnity provided to you or the Insured Person

              c)     in respect of any necessary air flight we will indemnify you or the Insured Person for the cost of an economy flight fare.


     Special exclusions
     We will not pay any benefit or provide any assistance in conjunction with Zurich Travel Assistance under this section if:

     1.       Breach of contract, bond or license
              you or the Insured Person fail to honour any contractual obligation, bond or specific performance condition in a license

     2.       Foreseeable costs
              the conditions leading to the Insured Person’s departure were in existence prior to the Insured Person entering the country or
              where such conditions were reasonably foreseeable prior to the Insured Person entering the country on a Journey

     3.       Missing or invalid documentation
              the Insured Person fails to produce or maintain immigration, work, residence or similar visas, permits or other relevant
              documentation for the country in which a Journey takes place

     4.       Nationality
              the Insured Person is a national of the country in which they are on a Journey

     5.       Property repossession
              property belonging to you or the Insured Person is repossessed by a titleholder or other interested party to satisfy any debt,
              insolvency, financial failure or other financial obligation of yours or of the Insured Person




88
6.   Violation of laws or regulations
     a)    the Insured Person has committed any:

           i)     act or alleged act which if committed by them in the United Kingdom or Country of Permanent Residence
                  would be a criminal offence

           ii)    fraudulent or criminal act or alleged fraudulent or criminal act alone or in collusion with others in the territory
                  in which a Journey takes place and contravenes the laws of that territory

     b)    you or the Insured Person have failed properly to procure or maintain immigration, work or residence or similar visas,
           permits or other relevant documentation

     c)    the Insured Person takes part in any anti-government activity or the operations of any security or armed forces.




                                                                                                                                        89
     Sub-Section 9 J – Business travel: legal expenses
     Cover
     We will pay you or the Insured Person up to the sum insured in the schedule for Legal Expenses incurred in the pursuit of a claim by an
     Insured Person against a third party for damages or compensation in respect of Bodily Injury, death or illness sustained while on a
     Journey during the Operative Time.

     You or the Insured Person will have the right to appoint a suitably qualified legal representative in connection with any claim or legal
     proceedings including the appointment of expert witnesses.

     Our consent to pay Legal Expenses must be obtained in writing. This consent will be given if you or the Insured Person can satisfy us that:

     a)     there are reasonable grounds for pursuing or defending the legal proceedings and it is always more likely than not that the
            Insured Person will recover damages or obtain any other legal remedy which we have agreed or make a successful defence.
            The decision to grant consent will take into account your opinion or that of the Insured Person’s appointed representative as
            well as that of our own advisors; and

     b)     it is reasonable for Legal Expenses to be provided in a particular case.

     Provided that if the Insured Person is successful in the claim any Legal Expenses we provide will be reimbursed to us.


     Special exclusions
     This section does not cover:

     1.     Claims eligible for consideration under arbitration schemes or complaints procedures
            any Legal Expenses incurred in the pursuit of any claim against a travel agent, tour operator, insurer or their agents, which are
            eligible for consideration under an arbitration scheme or complaints procedure

     2.     Claims or legal proceedings by third parties
            any Legal Expenses incurred for the defence of any civil claim or legal proceedings made or brought by a third party against the
            Insured Person

     3.     Criminal or wilful acts
            any Legal Expenses incurred in connection with any criminal or wilful act

     4.     Fines or penalties
            any fines or penalties

     5.     Late notification
            any claim or circumstance notified more than 24 months after the incident from which the cause of action arose.




90
Sub-Section 9 K – Business travel: personal liability
Cover
We will pay you or the Insured Person up to the sum insured in the schedule for any legal liability incurred by the Insured Person while
on a Journey during the Operative Time in respect of:
a)     accidental bodily injury or illness of any person
b)     accidental loss of or damage to the property of any person
c)     any claimant’s costs and expenses arising out of a) or b) above which the Insured Person or the Insured Person’s representatives
       are legally liable to pay
d)     any other costs and expenses incurred with our prior written consent.
Provided that:
i)     no admission of liability, offer, promise, or payment will be made by you or the Insured Person without our prior written consent
ii)    you will provide us with all assistance and information required in defence of a claim under this policy
iii)   we or our appointed representatives may at our discretion decide to take over and conduct the defence or settlement of any
       claim against you or an Insured Person.

Special exclusions
This section does not cover:
1.     Advice
       liability arising out of the rendering or failure to render advice
2.     Asbestos related risks
       liability arising out of the actual, alleged or threatened contaminative, pathogenic, toxic or other hazardous properties of asbestos
3.     Fines or penalties
       any fines or penalties
4.     Insured person’s immediate family
       injury or illness to any member of the Insured Person’s immediate family
5.     More specific insurance
       any damages which should more specifically be claimed under any other contract of insurance in your name or that of the
       Insured Person
6.     Non-passenger air travel
       any loss or expenses arising from an Insured Person engaging in aviation as a pilot of a fixed wing or rotary propelled aircraft
7.     Ownership or occupation of land or buildings
       liability arising out of the ownership or occupation of land or buildings
8.     Property held in trust
       loss of or damage to property belonging to held in trust by or in the custody or control of you or the Insured Person, any
       Employee or any member of the Insured Person’s immediate family
9.     Sexually transmitted infections, AIDS or AIDS related conditions
       any damages resulting from venereal disease, sexually transmitted infections, Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) or
       any AIDS related condition
10.    Suicide or self-injury
       any loss or expenses arising from an Insured Person committing or attempting to commit suicide or intentionally inflicting
       self-injury
11.    Trade, business or profession
       the carrying on of any trade, business or profession
12.    Vessels and craft
       any injury, illness, loss or damage arising directly or indirectly as a result of the ownership, possession or use of any mechanically
       propelled vehicle, aircraft or watercraft
13.    Wilful, malicious or unlawful acts
       any criminal, malicious or wilful act.




                                                                                                                                                91
     Sub-Section 9 L – Business travel: rental vehicle
     collision damage waiver
     Cover
     We will pay you or the Insured Person up to a maximum amount stated in the schedule for loss of or damage to a rental vehicle during
     a Journey in respect of the monetary amount that the Insured Person is legally liable to pay as an excess or deductible to that part of a
     rental vehicle insurance policy or any other insurance policy applicable to the Insured Person for which cover in respect of loss of or
     damage to a rental vehicle is in force.

     Provided that we will not pay more than the amount stated in the schedule in respect of all claims for such loss or damage occurring
     during any one period of insurance.


     Special exclusions
     This section does not cover:

     1.     Deliberate damage
            any loss of or damage to a rental vehicle caused deliberately by an Insured Person whether acting alone or in collusion with others

     2.     Excluded causes
            a)    any loss of or damage to a rental vehicle arising out of wear and tear, gradual deterioration, mechanical or electrical
                  failure not attributable to accidental damage

            b)     damage that existed at the commencement of the period of rental.




92
Sub-Section 9 M – General assistance services
The cover provided under this section applies where Sub-Section 9 A – personal accident is operative and includes a range of assistance
services supported by the Zurich Assistance 24 hour helpline on +44 (0)1489 868 988.
Please note that these services are supplied by third parties who are contracted to Zurich.

Counselling and Support Services
Insured Persons may access a wide range of personal support services providing practical information, resources and counselling to help
them balance their work, family and personal life.

Topics include but are not limited to the following:

a)     Work-life balance

b)     Relationships

c)     Childcare

d)     Health and well-being

e)     Debt

f)     Disability and illness
g)     Careers

h)     Bereavement and loss

i)     Stress

j)     Elder care

k)     Life events

l)     Immigration

m)     Anxiety and depression

n)     Family issues

o)     Bullying and harassment

p)     Education

q)     Consumer rights

r)     Workplace pressure

Support is for up to 6 telephone sessions available by contacting Zurich Assistance on +44 (0)1489 868 988.

Medical Second Opinion
Insured Persons may gain access to a medical second opinion on any critical illness they are suffering. This illness must be serious in
nature and the Insured Person must already be under the care of a medical consultant who has recommended treatment, medication,
surgery etc. The second opinion service is arranged via our partner who has a network of medical professionals who will review the
Insured Person’s results and reports (to be supplied by the Insured Person) and offer a written assessment to the Insured Person.

This assessment is for information purposes only and the Insured Person is under no obligation to act on it.

An initial telephone interview may be arranged by contacting Zurich Assistance on +44 (0)1489 868 988.




                                                                                                                                          93
     Sub-Section 9 N – Travel assistance services
     The cover provided under this section applies where Sub-Sections 9 B, 9 C, 9 D, 9 F, 9 G, 9 H and 9 I are operative and includes a range
     of assistance services supported by the Zurich Travel Assistance 24 hour helpline.

     Please note that the services stated in paragraphs A) and B) below are supplied by third parties who are contracted to Zurich.


     A) Medical and Other Assistance
     In the event that an Insured Person is travelling on a Journey during the Operative Time and requires assistance they should contact the
     emergency helpline on +44 (0)1489 868 888.

     The helpline is manned 24 hours a day 365 days a year by multi-lingual assistance co-ordinators experienced in managing medical
     assistance cases with hospitals and clinics worldwide.

     You or an Insured Person must contact Zurich Travel Assistance as soon as possible if illness or Bodily Injury results in the need for
     in-patient hospital treatment.

     We will not pay for any Emergency Repatriation Expenses incurred without the prior consent of Zurich Travel Assistance or for any
     hospital treatment provided on an in-patient basis where the Insured Person has not made all reasonable attempts to obtain the prior
     consent of Zurich Travel Assistance or obtained the consent of Zurich Travel Assistance at the first opportunity after such treatment.

     When seeking medical or travel assistance please make sure the following information is available:

     a)     the Insured Person’s name

     b)     the telephone or facsimile number where an Insured Person can be contacted

     c)     the Insured Person’s address abroad

     d)     the nature of the emergency or the assistance required

     e)     the name of the Insured Person’s company, employer or organisation.

     The medical assistance services provided are:

     Air Ambulance
     The medical assistance service has the resources to provide repatriation by air ambulance or scheduled airline services depending on the
     circumstances. If necessary this can include a fully qualified medical escort.

     Direct Billing
     The medical assistance service has the ability to arrange direct billing with a network of hospitals and clinics worldwide which
     guarantees the payment for treatment provided.

     Emergency Medical Supplies
     Assistance in locating and forwarding medicine or medical equipment that might be unavailable locally.

     Emergency Travel Assistance
     Where an Insured Person falls ill or sustains Bodily Injury during a Journey and the attending Medical Practitioner recommends that 2
     relatives or friends travel to and remain with the Insured Person assistance will be provided in making the travel and accommodation
     arrangements.

     Medical Referral
     Where out-patient treatment is required referral can be made to a suitable hospital, doctor or dentist. With access to a team of highly
     qualified medical consultants advice can be provided on a range of medical conditions.

     Medical Staff
     The medical assistance service has a team of medical consultants and nursing staff on hand at any time to coordinate any medical
     assistance cases, arranging hospital admissions and ensuring that the most appropriate treatment is provided.

     The medical assistance services also include a range of additional services which are summarised below:

     Emergency Cash Advance
     Assistance in replacing cash lost or stolen during a Journey. The value of any cash advance will be deducted from any subsequent claim
     under Sub-Section 9D. Where no claim is made the value of the cash advanced will be reimbursed by you to us upon completion of
     the Journey.

     Emergency Message Communication
     Forwarding on messages to family and business colleagues in an emergency.


94
Legal Referral
The service enables the Insured Person to have access to an Embassy or Consulate if legal assistance is required including referral to an
English speaking lawyer. Assistance can also be provided in facilitating the payment of bail subject to a satisfactory financial guarantee
of reimbursement.

Lost Ticket and Baggage Location
Assistance in replacing lost or stolen tickets, passport or other travel documents and assistance in locating lost or delayed luggage.

On-line Information: www.zurich.co.uk/travelassistance
A web information service is also available and accessed via www.zurich.co.uk/travelassistance and provides valuable medical and
travel information including online country guides that provide security information reflecting the situation in numerous territories.
Access is gained by entering your policy number when prompted.

Travel Advice
The Insured Person has access to a wealth of helpful and relevant information including currency and banking information, visa details,
health requirements and reciprocal health agreements.

Vehicle Return
The assistance service can organise the return of a rental or privately owned vehicle where an Insured Person falls ill or sustains Bodily
Injury during a Journey.


B) Security Assistance Services
We have partnered with security experts Zurich Travel Assistance to provide you with a comprehensive range of complementary
security services.

In the event that an Insured Person is travelling on a Journey during the Operative Time and requires security assistance they should
contact the emergency helpline on +44 (0)1489 868 888 or visit www.zurich.co.uk/travelassistance.

The security assistance services provided are:

Daily News
Subscription is available to email reports sent each weekday, covering political instability, civil unrest, disease outbreaks, crime patterns
and terrorism news from around the world. Please subscribe/unsubscribe for these reports at www.zurich.co.uk/travelassistance.

Emergency Response
Where serious difficulties or a Life-Threatening Situation arise during a Journey abroad (personnel missing, attacked or kidnapped or a
rapid deterioration in the safety of the location – as insured under Sub-Sections 9 G, 9 H and 9 I – the team of security specialists
appointed by Zurich Travel Assistance will be available to assist you and your personnel with advice, Kidnap negotiation and
coordination of their return to safety.

Please contact Zurich Travel Assistance on +44 (0)1489 868 888.

Travel Security Website
Security information on over 180 countries worldwide via the Zurich Travel Assistance website at www.zurich.co.uk/travelassistance.

Travel Security and Safety Briefings for High Risk Destinations
With 48 hours’ notice the security partner of Zurich Travel Assistance will provide your personnel with a security briefing tailored for
their travel itinerary for high risk destinations subject to a maximum of 2 briefings per trip or group booking. This will cover the risks,
preventative measures and important contact details your personnel require to help them remain safe while abroad on a Journey. For all
standard destinations the Zurich Travel Assistance website at www.zurich.co.uk/travelassistance is available.

Please contact Zurich Travel Assistance on +44 (0)1489 868 888.

Please note that the services stated in clauses C) to G) below are provided to you by third parties with whom you will have a direct
contract should you elect to receive them and may attract costs which must be borne by you. Please see below for further information.


C) Airport Breakdown Assistance (Motor)
Insured Persons have access to roadside assistance in the event of their own private vehicle in which they are travelling to or from an
airport in the United Kingdom suffering a breakdown or accident where their intention is to catch a flight in connection with a Journey.

We will arrange for a mechanic and/or a taxi to attend the Insured Person in order to repair or recover the vehicle or to transport the
Insured Person to the airport.

This is an arrangement service only. All third party costs must be borne by you or the Insured Person who will be made aware of this
during the call.

This service is available by contacting Zurich Travel Assistance on +44 (0)1489 868 888.
                                                                                                                                                95
     D) Home Emergency
     If while the Insured Person is undertaking a Journey outside the United Kingdom and is made aware of a domestic emergency at their
     private residence they can contact Zurich Travel Assistance to organise an emergency repair.

     This is an arrangement service only. All third party costs must be borne by you or the Insured Person who will be made aware of this
     during the call.

     The Insured Person will need to be able to provide access to the premises and have the means available to pay for all costs upon
     completion of the work.

     Within reason there are no limitations to the nature of services the Insured Person can request provided that they should be on an
     emergency repair basis only and typically for plumbing, electrical or property fabric repairs in order to make the premises sound and secure.

     This service is available by contacting Zurich Travel Assistance on +44 (0)1489 868 888.


     E) Check- In Service
     A scheduled safety check service is available for Insured Persons undertaking a Journey to countries with a heightened security risk.
     Specific protocols can be put in place so that if a response is not received emergency contacts will immediately be notified.

     The cost of the service is to be met by you who will benefit from a 10% discount as our policyholder. You must allow at least 5
     working days’ notice for Zurich Travel Assistance to arrange the necessary provisions and protocols.

     This service is available by contacting Zurich Travel Assistance on +44 (0)1489 868 888.


     F) Meet and Greet Service
     You may take advantage of this airport transfer service where an Insured Person can be provided with safe and comfortable
     transportation in high risk locations. All drivers are vetted and have an in depth local knowledge of the region to ensure the safety of
     their passengers remains paramount at all times.

     A quotation for a specific trip can be obtained by calling Zurich Travel Assistance on +44 (0)1489 868 888. You will be responsible for
     all charges for the transport and greet services arranged but as our policyholder you will have access to a 10% discount on standard fees.

     You must allow at least 5 working days’ notice for Zurich Travel Assistance to arrange the necessary provisions and protocols.


     G) Airport Lounge Access
     As our policyholder you have access to concessions for your personnel to enjoy the use of over 600 airport VIP lounges. Insured Persons
     may take advantage of this special offer by joining online at www.zurich.co.uk/zurichtravelassistance where various options on levels
     of membership are publicised along with available discounts. Options include access by accompanying guests.




96
Special Exclusions Applicable to Section 9
We will not be liable for any Bodily Injury, loss or expense suffered:

1.     Active service
       as a result of an Insured Person engaging in active service in any of the armed forces of any nation

2.     Excluded travel to dangerous or unsettled areas
       resulting from a Journey to the countries or specific areas of countries listed in the schedule

3.     War risks
       as a result of war within the Insured Person’s Country of Permanent Residence or Country of Secondment.




                                                                                                                 97
     Special Conditions Applicable to Section 9
     1.   Assignment
          This insurance may not be assigned without our prior written consent.

     2.   Cancellation
          You may cancel this section by giving us 30 days prior written notice. We may cancel this section by giving you 30 days prior
          written notice at your last known address except that 7 days prior written notice will be given when cancellation is for non-
          payment of premium. Notice will be made via special delivery mail.

          We may cancel any coverage provided under this section in respect of war by sending you 7 days prior written notice to your
          last known address. Notice will be made via special delivery mail.

     3.   Duplicate cover
          If a loss is covered under one sub-section of Section 9 we will provide cover under the section that provides the most cover but
          never under more than one section. In no event will we make duplicate payments for the same loss.

     4.   Event aggregate limitation
          If the total amount of all claims for Bodily Injury arising out of any one Event exceeds the Event Aggregate Limit each individual
          claim will be proportionately reduced until the total value of all claims does not exceed the Event Aggregate Limit.

     5.   Interest
          No sum payable under this policy will carry interest.

     6.   Multi-engined aircraft limitation
          If the total amount of all claims for Bodily Injury arising out of any one Event involving the same multi-engined aircraft exceeds
          the Multi-Engined Aircraft Limit each individual claim will be proportionately reduced until the total value of all claims does not
          exceed the Multi-Engined Aircraft Limit.

     7.   Other forms of aerial transport limitation
          If the total amount of all claims for Bodily Injury arising out of any one Event involving the same aircraft (not being a multi-
          engined aircraft) exceeds the Other Forms of Aerial Transport Limit each individual claim will be proportionately reduced until the
          total value of all claims does not exceed the Other Forms of Aerial Transport Limit.

     8.   Other insurances
          If at the time of an Event insured under this section there is any other insurance covering the same loss, damage or liability or any
          part of them we will only pay our rateable proportion of the claim except where this is excluded under the specific sub-section.

          Provided that this clause will not apply to sub-sections 9 A, 9 C, 9 D or 9 E of this section.

     9.   Third party rights
          A person who is not a party to this section including specifically an Insured Person has no right under the Contracts (Rights of
          Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this section.




98
Claims conditions Applicable to Section 9
1.   Claim notification
     Upon learning of any circumstances likely to give rise to a claim you must:

     a)     i)     give notice to us as soon as reasonably possible by contacting us via one of the following options:

     		Phone: +44 (0)800 0260 184
     		Email: a&hclaims@uk.zurich.com
     		Post:	Zurich Accident and Health Claims, 3000 Parkway, Whiteley, Fareham, United Kingdom PO15 7JZ

            ii)    make no admission of liability without our prior written consent

            iii)   provide us or our appointed representatives with:

                   1)      all necessary assistance in a timely manner

                   2)      all information reasonably required

                   3)      all documentation and records necessary to establish and assess indemnity under this policy

            iv)    prove the loss to our reasonable satisfaction

            v)     forward immediately to us or our representatives any letter, writ or other document received in connection with
                   any claim made under this policy

            vi)    assist and concur with all reasonable arrangements for our medical advisors to examine an Insured Person in respect
                   of which a claim has arisen; and

     b)     as often as may be reasonably required provide a statutory declaration sworn before a solicitor, justice of the peace or
            notary public named by us on all matters connected with a claim at such reasonable time and place as we may designate.

     No act by us or our representatives in connection with any investigation will be deemed a waiver of any defence which we might
     otherwise have. All acts will be deemed to have been made without prejudice to our liability.

     We reserve the right to:

     i)     take such steps as we deem necessary to prevent, mitigate or minimise a loss

     ii)    take over and conduct the defence or settlement of claims made against an Insured Person that is covered by this policy

     iii)   pursue all rights or remedies available to you whether or not payment has been made.

2.   Subrogation rights
     We reserve the right to:

     a)     take such steps as we deem necessary to prevent, mitigate or minimise a loss

     b)     take over and conduct the defence or settlement of claims made against an Insured Person that is covered by this policy

     c)     pursue all rights or remedies available to you whether or not payment has been made.




                                                                                                                                         99
      General Provision
      Brand Protection
      In the event of a claim or series of claims arising out of one incident for which you would be entitled to receive indemnity under this
      policy we will in addition to the indemnity provided by this policy and subject to our prior agreement indemnify you for the
      reasonable costs you incur to mitigate resultant damage to your reputation.

      Provided always that:

      a)     the damage to your reputation is a consequence of media coverage in print or by radio or television or news agency

      b)     the value of the claim or series of claims arising out of one incident which results in damage to your reputation occurring at any
             time during the period of insurance is £1,000,000 or more

      c)     our liability under this provision will not exceed £50,000 in any one period of insurance.




100
General Exclusions
This policy does not cover:

1.     Date Related Performance and Functionality
       Not applicable to section 8
       a)     loss or damage

       b)     consequential loss, additional expenditure or extra expenses

       c)     legal liability

       d)     other fees, costs, disbursements, awards or other expenses

       of whatsoever nature

       directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or consisting of or arising in whole or in part from:

       i)     the way in which any data processing system responds to or deals with or fails to respond to or fails to deal with any
              true calendar date

       ii)    any data processing system responding to or dealing in any way with:
              1)      any data denoting a calendar date or dates as if such data did not denote a calendar date or dates

              2)      any data not denoting a calendar date or dates as if such data denoted a calendar date or dates

       whether such data processing system is your property or not but in respect of all insurances excluding Public Liability or
       Products Liability or Contractors’ Joint Indemnity or Legal Expenses this will not exclude subsequent damage or consequential
       loss, additional expenditure or extra expenses not otherwise excluded which itself results from a defined peril otherwise
       covered by this policy

2.     Electronic Risk
       a)     damage to any computer or other equipment or system or item which processes, stores, transmits, retrieves or receives
              data whether tangible or intangible (including but without limitation any information or programs or software) and
              whether the property is insured or not where such damage is caused by virus or similar mechanism or hacking or denial
              of service attack

       b)     business interruption directly or indirectly caused by or arising from virus or similar mechanism or hacking or denial
              of service attack

       but this will not include damage or business interruption which results from defined peril (including the acts of thieves but
       excluding the acts of malicious persons which do not involve physical force or violence)

3.     Northern Ireland
       Not applicable to section 8
       damage or business interruption in Northern Ireland occasioned by or happening through or in consequence directly or
       indirectly of civil commotion and (except in respect of damage or business interruption by fire or explosion) strikers, locked
       out workers or persons taking part in labour disturbances or malicious persons

4.     Nuclear and War Risks and Government or Public Authority Order
       Not applicable to sections 8 or 9
       any loss of or damage to any property whatsoever or any expense, consequential loss, legal liability directly or indirectly arising from:

       a)     ionising radiations from or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste or from the
              combustion of nuclear fuel

       b)     the radioactive, toxic, explosive or other hazardous or contaminating properties of any nuclear installation, nuclear
              reactor or other nuclear assembly or nuclear component thereof

       c)     any weapon or device employing atomic or nuclear fission and/or fusion or other like reaction or radioactive force or matter

       d)     the radioactive, toxic, explosive or other hazardous or contaminating properties of any radioactive matter but this
              exclusion d) will not apply to radioactive isotopes excluding nuclear fuel when such isotopes are being prepared, carried,
              stored or used for commercial, agricultural, medical, scientific or other peaceful purposes

       e)     any event arising from war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities (whether war is declared or not) civil war, rebellion,
              revolution, insurrection, military force or coup

       f)     nationalisation, confiscation, requisition, seizure or destruction by any government or public authority.




                                                                                                                                                   101
           Exclusions a), b), c) and d) will not apply to section 6 Employers’ Liability except where you have undertaken under a contract or
           agreement either to indemnify another party or to assume the liability of another party in respect of such bodily injury.

           Exclusions e) and f) will not apply to section 6 Employers’ Liability

      5.   Sonic Bangs
           Not applicable to section 8
           damage arising from pressure waves caused by aircraft and other aerial devices travelling at sonic or supersonic speeds

      6.   Terrorism
           Applicable to sections 1, 2, 3 and 5 only
           loss, damage, consequential loss, cost or expense directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by, resulting from or arising out
           of or in connection with terrorism.

           In any action, suit or other proceedings where we allege that by reason of this General Exclusion cover is not provided under
           this policy the burden of proving that terrorism is covered will be upon you.




102
General Conditions
1.   Alteration
     You must notify us as soon as possible during the period of insurance if there is any change in circumstances or to the material
     facts previously disclosed by you to us or stated as material facts by us to you which increases the risk of accident, injury, loss,
     damage or liability.
     Upon notification of any such change we will be entitled to vary the premium and terms for the rest of the period of insurance.
     If the changes make the risk unacceptable to us then we are under no obligation to agree to make them and may no longer be
     able to provide you with cover.
     If you do not notify us of any such change we may exercise one or more of the options described in clauses c) i), ii) and iii) of
     General Condition 7 – Fair Presentation of the Risk but only with effect from the date of the change in circumstances or
     material facts.

2.   Arbitration
     If we admit liability for a claim but there is a dispute as to the amount to be paid the dispute will be referred to an arbitrator.
     The arbitrator will be appointed jointly by you and us in accordance with the law at the time. You may not take any legal
     action against us over the dispute before the arbitrator has reached a decision.

3.   Cancellation
     a)     We may cancel this policy or any section or part thereof other than any coverage in respect of War under section 9 by
            giving you 30 days’ notice
     b)     we may cancel any coverage in respect of War under section 9 by giving you 7 days’ notice. Such notice will be given in
            writing by special delivery mail to you at your last known address.
     In the event of a) or b) you will be entitled to a pro rata return of premium calculated from the date of cancellation.

4.   Claims Procedure
     Not applicable to sections 8 or 9
     a)     Your Responsibilities
            i)      On the happening of any event which could give rise to a claim or on receiving verbal or written notice of any
                    claim you will:
                    1)     as soon as reasonably possible give notice to us
                    2)     as soon as reasonably possible notify the police in respect of any damage by theft or attempted theft or
                           by riot, civil commotion, strikers, locked-out workers, persons taking part in labour disturbances and
                           malicious persons
                    3)     as soon as reasonably possible forward to us any writ or summons issued against us by a third party
                    4)     take action to minimise the damage and to avoid interruption or interference with the business and to
                           prevent further damage or bodily injury
                    5)     at your own expense and within:
                           A)       7 days of damage caused by riot, civil commotion, strikers, locked-out workers or persons taking
                                    part in labour disturbances or malicious persons
                           B)       30 days of expiry of the Indemnity Period in respect of Section 3
                           C)       30 days of any other loss or damage, interruption or interference with the business or bodily injury
                    supply full details of the claim in writing to us together with any evidence and information that may be
                    reasonably required by us for the purpose of investigating or verifying the claim and if demanded a statutory
                    declaration of the truth of the claim and any matters connected therewith.
            ii)     No settlement, admission of liability, payment or promise of payment will be made to a third party without our
                    consent.
     b)     Our Rights
            We will:
            i)      be entitled to take over the defence or settlement of any claim made upon you by any other party and you will
                    give all assistance as we may reasonably require
            ii)     have the right to enter the premises where the damage has occurred and to keep possession of any of the
                    Property Insured and to deal with the salvage in a reasonable manner but you will not be entitled to abandon
                    any property to us




                                                                                                                                            103
                  iii)    be entitled to take benefit of any of your rights against any other party before or after you have received
                          indemnification under this policy and you will give all assistance as may be reasonably required by us
                  iv)     at our option indemnify you by payment, reinstatement, replacement or repair in respect of any property lost or
                          damaged or part thereof. If we elect to reinstate or replace any property we will not be bound to reinstate or
                          replace exactly or completely but only as circumstances permit and in reasonably sufficient manner and will not in
                          any case be bound to expend in respect of any one of the Items insured more than the sum insured thereon
                  v)      before payment of an abandonment loss as insured under section 5 of this policy we will be entitled to take
                          benefit of all rights, titles and interest in all underlying works as well as films or tapes and all copies and related
                          material hereof for the production but this shall not apply to any sequel or prequel or any attendant
                          merchandising rights associated with such sequel or prequel.

      5.   Compulsory Insurance
           You must repay us any amounts which we are required by compulsory insurance legislation to pay out under this policy to the
           extent that we would not otherwise have been liable to make such payments on account of a breach of any of the terms or
           conditions of this policy.

      6.   Contribution
           Not applicable to section 8
           If in the event of loss or damage or liability under this policy there will be in force any other insurance providing cover against
           such claim:
           our liability will be limited to its rateable proportion of such claims
           but which is subject to any provision excluding it from ranking concurrently with this policy either in whole or part or from
           contributing rateably to the claim then our liability will be limited to such proportion of the claim as the sum insured bears to
           the value of the property.

      7.   Fair Presentation of the Risk
           a)     At inception and renewal of this policy and also whenever changes are made to it at your request you must:
                  i)      disclose to us all material facts in a clear and accessible manner; and
                  ii)     not misrepresent any material facts.
           b)     If you do not comply with clause a) of this condition we may:
                  i)      avoid this policy which means that we will treat it as if it had never existed and refuse all claims where any non-
                          disclosure or misrepresentation by you is proven by us to be deliberate or reckless in which case we will not
                          return the premium paid by you; and
                  ii)     recover from you any amount we have already paid for any claims including costs or expenses we have incurred.
           c)     If you do not comply with clause a) of this condition and the non-disclosure or misrepresentation is not deliberate or
                  reckless this policy may be affected in one or more of the following ways depending on what we would have done if
                  we had known about the facts which you failed to disclose or misrepresented:
                  i)      if we would not have provided you with any cover we will have the option to:
                          1)      avoid the policy which means that we will treat it as if it had never existed and repay the premium paid;
                                  and
                          2)      recover from you any amount we have already paid for any claims including costs or expenses we have
                                  incurred
                  ii)     if we would have applied different terms to the cover we will have the option to treat this policy as if those
                          different terms apply. We may recover any payments made by us on claims which have already been paid to the
                          extent that such claims would not have been payable had such additional terms been applied
                  iii)    if we would have charged you a higher premium for providing the cover we will charge you the additional
                          premium which you must pay in full.
           d)     Where this policy provides cover for any person other than you and that person would if they had taken out such cover
                  in their own name have done so for purposes wholly or mainly unconnected with their trade, business or profession we
                  will not invoke the remedies which might otherwise have been available to us under this condition if the failure to make a
                  fair presentation of the risk concerns only facts or information which relate to a particular insured person other than you.
                  Provided always that if the person concerned or you acting on their behalf makes a careless misrepresentation of fact
                  we may invoke the remedies available to us under this condition as against that particular person as if a separate
                  insurance contract had been issued to them leaving the remainder of the policy unaffected.




104
8.    Fraudulent Claims
      If you or anyone acting on your behalf:
      a)     makes a fraudulent or exaggerated claim under this policy; or
      b)     uses fraudulent means or devices including the submission of false or forged documents in support of a claim whether
             or not the claim is itself genuine; or
      c)     makes a false statement in support of a claim whether or not the claim is itself genuine; or
      d)     submits a claim under this policy for loss or damage which you or anyone acting on your behalf or in connivance with
             you deliberately caused; or
      e)     realises after submitting what you reasonably believed was a genuine claim under this policy and then fails to tell us that
             you have not suffered any loss or damage; or
      f)     suppresses information which you know would otherwise enable us to refuse to pay a claim under this policy
      we will be entitled to refuse to pay the whole of the claim and recover any sums that we have already paid in respect of the claim.
      We may also notify you that we will be treating this policy as having terminated with effect from the date of any of the acts or
      omissions set out in clauses a) to f) of this condition.
      If we terminate this policy under this condition you will have no cover under this policy from the date of termination and not
      be entitled to any refund of premium.
      If any fraud is perpetrated by or on behalf of an insured person and not on behalf of you this condition should be read as if it
      applies only to that insured person’s claim and references to this policy should be read as if they were references to the cover
      effected for that person alone and not to the policy as a whole.

9.    Legal Representatives
      This policy will come to an end immediately if your organisation ceases to exist or if you die where you are an individual
      except that your executors or personal administrators will be entitled to benefit from any cover until your estate has been
      administered.

10.   Minimum Security Requirements
      Damage to Property Insured at the premises caused by theft or attempted theft is not insured unless the following devices for
      security of the premises are installed within 30 days of the inception date of cover in respect of Property Insured at such
      premises under sections 1 and/or 2 of this policy in accordance with the following specification and all of such devices are put
      into full and effective operation at night and whenever the premises are closed for business or left unattended.

      Security Requirements for the Premises
      a)     All external doors of the buildings in your sole occupancy together with internal doors which give access to any part of
             the buildings occupied by you must be fitted and secured with one of the following:
             i)     a mortice deadlock with a matching boxed striking plate or a rim lock, which in either case conforms to either
                    BS3621: Thief Resistant Lock Assemblies, or BS8621: Thief Resistant Locks
             ii)    a five (or more) lever close shackle padlock and locking bar
             iii)   in the case of aluminium or UPVC framed doors, an integral cylinder operated swingbolt mortice lock
             iv)    an alternative form of lock or locking system of at least similar quality and strength to BS3621 or BS8621 which
                    has been approved by us in writing.
      b)     All:

             i)     outward opening external doors of the buildings in your sole occupancy; or

             ii)    outward opening internal doors which give access to any part of the buildings occupied by you
             must be fitted and secured with hinge bolts.
      c)     All accessible opening windows, fanlights and skylights including those accessible from decks, roofs, fire escapes or
             downpipes must be fitted and secured with key operated window locks. This requirement does not apply to windows
             protected by solid steel bars, grilles, steel shutters, expanded metal or weld-mesh.

      Notes:
      i)     Any door or window designated a fire exit will require consultation with the Fire Authority or other competent body so
             that the interests of both safety and security can be met.
      ii)    The above measures comprise our minimum security requirements. Where additional protections are required by us, or
             where we agree to accept alternative security measures, we will specifically advise you in writing.
      iii)   This condition has a continuing effect and its terms and conditions should be kept in mind. If circumstances arise which
             render you unable to comply with any part of it, you should advise us immediately to see if we can help you obtain
             reinstatement of cover.



                                                                                                                                            105
      11.   Premium Adjustment
            If any part of the premium is calculated on estimates furnished by you an accurate record will be kept by you containing all
            particulars relative thereto and you will at all times allow us to inspect such record. You will within the timescales specified
            under the applicable sections from the expiry of each period of insurance furnish to us such particulars and information as we
            may require. The premium for such period will thereupon be adjusted and the difference paid by or allowed to you as the case
            may be subject always to the minimum premium stipulated.

      12.   Reasonable Care
            You will exercise reasonable care to avoid or diminish any loss or any circumstances likely to give rise to a claim under this policy.
            You will take all reasonable steps to:
            a)     protect the Property Insured
            b)     comply with statutory enactments, bye-laws and any other obligations and regulations imposed by any authority
            c)     employ only competent employees
            d)     prevent accidents
            e)     maintain all ways, works machinery and plant in sound condition.
            In the event of the discovery of any defect or danger you will forthwith cause such defect or danger to be made good or
            remedied and in the meantime will cause such additional precautions to be taken as the circumstances may require.

      13.   Sanctions
            Notwithstanding any other terms of this policy we will be deemed not to provide cover nor will we make any payment or
            provide any service or benefit to you or any other party to the extent that such cover, payment, service, benefit and/or any
            business or activity of yours would violate any applicable trade or economic sanctions law or regulation.




106
Zurich Insurance plc
A public limited company incorporated in Ireland. Registration No. 13460.
Registered Office: Zurich House, Ballsbridge Park, Dublin 4, Ireland.
UK Branch registered in England and Wales Registration No. BR7985.
UK Branch Head Office: The Zurich Centre, 3000 Parkway, Whiteley, Fareham, Hampshire PO15 7JZ.
Zurich Insurance plc is authorised by the Central Bank of Ireland and authorised and subject to
limited regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation
by the Financial Conduct Authority are available from us on request. Our FCA Firm Reference
Number is 203093.
Communications may be monitored or recorded to improve our service and for security and
regulatory purposes.
© Copyright – Zurich Insurance plc 2020. All rights reserved. Reproduction, adaptation or
translation without prior written permission is prohibited except as allowed under copyright laws.
                                                                                                                     Focus
                                                                                                                     Policy document




                                                                                    Tysers Focus Policy – May 2020
                                                                                                                     May 2020




                                        Tysers Insurance Brokers Limited
                                        7 Blue Barns Business Park, Old Ipswich
                                        Road, Ardleigh, Colchester, Essex CO7 7FX
                                        United Kingdom

                                        Registered Office – 71 Fenchurch Street,
                                        London EC3M 4BS.

                                        Tel: 01206 500 000
                                        Fax: 01206 752 216
                                        www: www.tysers.com
                                                                                                                     Arranged by       Underwritten by
                                                                                    Version 6.2




                                        E-mail: colchester@tysers.com

                                        Registered Number – 2957627 England

                                        Authorised and Regulated by the Financial
                                        Conduct Authority – Firms Reference
ZCX320AA.03 (PP719153003) (03/20) CMS   Number 305496
